Ansur : "Heart of the Gate" Level 17 Undead Dragon Ansur is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Ansur is a Level 17 Undead Dragon. He is related to The Blade of Frontiers companion questline as well as the achievement Crash Landing. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Ansur in BG3 : Act 3 Wyrm's Rock Fortress Worm's Rock Prison Wyrmway Dragon's Sanctum (X:-634, Y:-990) .Worm's Rock Prison Wyrmway Dragon's Sanctum (X:-634, Y:-990) .Wyrmway Dragon's Sanctum (X:-634, Y:-990) .Dragon's Sanctum (X:-634, Y:-990)  

BG3 Ansur Quests : The Blade of Frontiers  

BG3 Ansur Dialogue Options : N/A

'Crash Landing' Achievement : "In the Wyrmway, wait until the dragon is mid-flight, then knock it out of the sky - KAPOW." Your initial instinct may be to nuke the boss down within the first two Rounds of combat.  Resist this urge.  You'll want to bait out the first damage phase, making sure not to take Ansur down to 50% hit points.  The reason for this is as soon as he casts Gathering Storm he gains Resistance to ALL damage types.  Even with abilities like Brand the Weak from Amulet of Branding, which afflicts the target with Vulnerability to Bludgeoning, Piercing, OR Slashing damage, or using Diluted Oil of Sharpness, you're unlikely to burn through another 50% worth of hit points on the boss quick enough. Instead, chip Ansur's hit points down to about 75% for the first Round of combat before letting loose and really leaning into him during the second Round.  By the time he takes to the air with Gathering Storm during the third round of combat his hit points should be low enough to get the final kill. Elixir of Lightning Resistance will be your best friend for this encounter.  While it may not be effective against the Cold damage from the Water Myrmidon's, it will give you some breathing room with Ansur's Lightning based attacks like his signature Lightning Breath and obviously his gimmick ability: Waiting Storm. After dealing damage to him with Arrow of Dragon Slaying in Round one, you'll want to pop your Haste spells or Potion of Speed during Round two and keep using Arrow of Dragon Slaying.  Once he starts hovering in Round three you'll then want to use Diluted Oil of Sharpness on your ranged weapons to bypass his Piercing Resistance. Utility spells like Misty Step, Dimension Door, and Longstrider are also boons for this fight as they allow you to get out of melee range from Ansur or his Water Myrmidon's, enabling you to reposition to be within striking distance and shake off any Disadvantage that might be bestowed upon you from the Threatened condition.   TL;DR Step-by-Step Round 1 Only use Arrow of Dragon Slaying to chip Ansur's hit points down to ~75% Round 2 Pop your Haste spells or Potion of Speed to double your Action economy and continue only using Arrow of Dragon Slaying Round 3 Apply Diluted Oil of Sharpness to your ranged weapons and continue using Arrow of Dragon Slaying while taking advantage of your increased Action economy to kill Ansur and proc the achievement Round 4+ Finish mopping up the Myrmidon's whilst you still have Diluted Oil of Sharpness and Potion of Speed or Haste active, complete the encounter, and collect your loot   Recommended Gear, Loadouts, and Party Composition: Minsc, Laezel, Wyll (if you want unique interactions or are doing this as part of the questline from Uldur Ravenguard), Astarian Ideally you'll have at least two Rangers with the Hunter subclass and one Rogue with the Assassin subclass Helms: Mask of Soul Perception Cloaks: Cloak of Displacement, Cloak of Elemental Absorption, Cloak of the Weave Gloves: Gloves of the Balanced Hands, Gloves of Dexterity Boots: Blackguard's Greaves, Boots of Genial Striding, Disintegrating Night Walkers, Spaceshunt Boots, Swiresy Boots Amulets: Amulet of Greater Health Rings: Crusher's Ring, Ring of Free Action, Risky Ring, Shadow Cloaked Ring, The Sparkswall,  Weapons: Bow of Banshee, Crossbow of Arcane Force, The Dead Shot (Very Rare Longbow), Harold, Hellfire Hand Crossbow, Ne'er Misser Ammunition: x30 Arrow of Dragon Slaying  

BG3 Ansur Boss Guide : 

Ansur Boss Tips : Two Water Myrmidon's (Level 11) 18 14 16 8 10 10 | Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance, Acid magical and non-magical, Fire magical and non-magical, Lightning and Cold vulnerable, Poison Immune | 165HP AC 18 | Notable Features - Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed \ Dash, Fly, elemental warp, Gale Attuned Crystals are littered throughout the arena Stock up on Arrow of Dragon Slaying 12~30 Damage (1d10+5 Piercing + 1d10+5 Piercing) - "Deals double damage to Dragons" - effectively making the damage 24~60 Can be purchased from various vendors who will sell them intermittently after long rests or level ups, including Fytz the Firecracker, Dammon, Arkleia Oloril, Enthral Danthelon The Dead Shot Longbow from Fytz the Firecracker is also particularly potent for this fight along with the Titanstring Bow sold by Brem in Act 1. Astarian with the Rogue Assassin subclass is especially lethal for this encounter.  Naturally, Ranger Hunter subclass is ideal, especially when combined with their subclass feature Hunter's Prey - Colossus Slayer.  Ranger Gloomstalkers are a decent third option thanks to their Dread Ambusher subclass feature, though not as effective as the Assassin and Hunter who are more consistent in dealing additional damage every turn. As per usual, the Haste spell and Potion of Speed will be your go to utility enhancements in this fight, in order to dish out additional damage on each of your turns.  

Ansur General Information : Race: Undead DragonHealth: 400 (Balanced) 600 (Tactician)AC: 19Base speed: 12mSize: HugeWeight: 4000kgAttitude: n/a  

Ansur Conditions : Dead (Temporary - Pre-Battle) Draconic Wrath Legendary Resistance: Crowd Control  

Ansur Notable Features : Draconic Fury Immutable Form Magic Resistance Opportunity Attack Turn Resistance  

Ansur Abilities : Strength: 25 Dexterity: 10Constitution: 23Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 15Charisma: 19 Proficiency Bonus: +?.Initiative: +0

Attacks & Spells : Slam.Hoarding Energy.Fly.spell2  

Ansur Resistances : Slashing: n/aPiercing: n/aBludgeoning: n/aFire: n/aLightning: ImmunePsychic: n/aPoison: Immune Necrotic: Resistance to magical and non-magical Necrotic damage  

Ansur Rewards : 

Notes and Tips : Ansur's boss encounter only starts once you interact with his corpse. As such you can loot the Helm of Balduran before starting combat.If you swap to a different character while you are engaged in dialogue with Ansur on another, you can actually loot Balduran's Giantslayer off his undead corpse  