Balthazar : Commander of the Reborn Dead Level 8 Balthazar is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3).  He is a level 8 necromancer and his Enemy Type is considered undead. Depending on the choices player's make over the course of their time in the Gauntlet of Shar they might find themselves fighting Balthazar in his enclosure where they first meet him (X:-852, Y:-786) OR in Shadowfell at the culmination of the Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic quest.  Both encounters will be detailed below. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Balthazar in BG3 : Act 2 Gauntlet of Shar.Shadowfell  

BG3 Balthazar's Quests : Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic  

BG3 Balthazar's Dialogue Options : N/A

BG3 Balthazar Boss Guide : 

Balthazar Boss Tips : Insert boss tips here.   If you surprise him with a sneak attack and proceed to cast Counterspell as he's trying to summon his undead, you'll have a very easy kill. It is also possible to push him off the edge and insta-kill him, but you won’t get any loot.With some careful positioning, it's possible to end the fight with Balthazar very quickly, before he summons minions. Before the final jump, Separate one member of your party. In stealth, manoeuvre them onto the cliff to his left, so that you're almost in front of him but still out of his vision. An Arrow of Roaring Thunder or similar can knock him out of the arena.  

Balthazar General Information : Race: UndeadHealth: 91AC: 15 (Gauntlet of Shar) || 17 (Shadowfell)Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 100kgAttitude: Undead Ward Aura.Mage Armour.Undead Ward.Feather Fall.Hastened (3 turns)

Balthazar's Passive Features : Alert You gain a +5 to Initiative and can't be Surprised. Grave Magic Whenever you deal damage with a spell, deal an additional 1d8 Necrotic damage Grim Harvest ??? Immune to Control Undead Opportunity Attack Turn Resistance Undead Ward

Balthazar's Abilities : Strength: 10Dexterity: 14Constitution: 16Intelligence: 20Wisdom: 14Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: +2.Initiative: +7

Attacks & Spells : Bone Chill (Necromancy Cantrip) 2~16 Damage (2d8 Necrotic).Ray of Sickness (Level 1 Necromancy Spell) 5~40 Damage (5d8 Poison).Misty Step.Cloudkill (Level 5 Conjuration Spell) 5~40 Damage (5d8 Poison).No Rest for the Wicked (Level 3 Necromancy Spell) (Gauntlet of Shar ONLY)

Balthazar's Resistances : Slashing: Resistance (Slashing damage to this entity from magical and non-magical attacks is halved).Piercing: Resistance (Piercing damage to this entity from magical and non-magical attacks is halved).Bludgeoning: Resistance (Bludgeoning damage to this entity from magical and non-magical attacks is halved).Fire: n/aLightning: n/aPsychic: n/aPoison: Immune (Poison damage against this entity is nullified).

Balthazar's Rewards : 350XP.Scroll of Speak with Dead x3.Dagger.Circle of Bones (Rare) "A coldness clings to this macabre circlet, like the chill of a grave." - Undead Ward: Allied undead within 6m are Resistant to Bludgeoning, Slashing, and Piercing damage. Animate Dead (Level 3 Necromancy spell/Action) 0.5kg/240gold.Soul Cage Research "This book is redolent with the enticing smell of paper and ink." - [Rambling notes in a spidery, jagged fill the volume. They speak of a "soul cage" binding the lifeforce of one to that of another. The one of the left appears to have a dagger protruding from its chest, while the one on the right has a corresponding wound in its own chest.]

Notes and Tips : If you choose to fight Balthazar shortly upon meeting him in the Gauntlet of Shar he will be surrounded by a handful of undead minions Ghoul Medic (Lv. 4) 46hp | AC 12 | Undead | 110XP STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6 Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity Conditions: Undead Ward Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Claws Nere (Lv. 4) 46hp | AC 12 | Undead | 110XP STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6 Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity Conditions: Undead Fortitude, Undead Ward Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack, Undead Fortitude Flesh (Lv. 7) 182hp | AC 11 | Construct | 180XP STR 20 DEX 9 CON 18 INT 6 WIS 10 CHA 5 Non-Magical Slashing/Non-Magical Piercing/Non-Magical Bludgeoning/Lightning/Poison Resistance Notable Features: Aversion to Fire, Berserk, Darkvision, Immutable Form, Magic Resistance, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Multiattack, Slam, Corpulent Rage .Ghoul Medic (Lv. 4) 46hp | AC 12 | Undead | 110XP STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6 Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity Conditions: Undead Ward Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Claws .STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6.Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity.Conditions: Undead Ward.Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack.Attacks: Claws.Nere (Lv. 4) 46hp | AC 12 | Undead | 110XP STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6 Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity Conditions: Undead Fortitude, Undead Ward Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack, Undead Fortitude .STR 16 DEX 15 CON 10 INT 7 WIS 10 CHA 6.Magical and Non-Magical Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning Resistance | Poison Immunity.Conditions: Undead Fortitude, Undead Ward.Notable Features: Darkvision, Opportunity Attack, Undead Fortitude.Flesh (Lv. 7) 182hp | AC 11 | Construct | 180XP STR 20 DEX 9 CON 18 INT 6 WIS 10 CHA 5 Non-Magical Slashing/Non-Magical Piercing/Non-Magical Bludgeoning/Lightning/Poison Resistance Notable Features: Aversion to Fire, Berserk, Darkvision, Immutable Form, Magic Resistance, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Multiattack, Slam, Corpulent Rage .STR 20 DEX 9 CON 18 INT 6 WIS 10 CHA 5 .Non-Magical Slashing/Non-Magical Piercing/Non-Magical Bludgeoning/Lightning/Poison Resistance.Notable Features: Aversion to Fire, Berserk, Darkvision, Immutable Form, Magic Resistance, Opportunity Attack.Attacks: Multiattack, Slam, Corpulent Rage.If you fight Balthazar in the Shadowfell he will raise an mixed army of Apostate Skeletons to aid him 6x Apostate Sentinel (Lv. 3) Undead Ranged Attack 3x Apostate Destroyer (Lv. 7) Undead Main Hand Attack, Shove, Dash, Jump 8x Apostate Defender (Lv. 3) Undead Main Hand Attack, Dash 3x Apostate Librarian (Lv. 3) Undead Sleep, Blindness, Ray of Frost .6x Apostate Sentinel (Lv. 3) Undead Ranged Attack .Ranged Attack.3x Apostate Destroyer (Lv. 7) Undead Main Hand Attack, Shove, Dash, Jump .Main Hand Attack, Shove, Dash, Jump.8x Apostate Defender (Lv. 3) Undead Main Hand Attack, Dash .Main Hand Attack, Dash.3x Apostate Librarian (Lv. 3) Undead Sleep, Blindness, Ray of Frost .Sleep, Blindness, Ray of Frost  