Gerringothe Thorm : Level 8 Gerringothe Thorm is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Gerringothe Thorm can be found at Tollhouse, Reithwin Town. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Gerringothe Thorm in BG3 : Act 2 Tollhouse, Reithwin Town  

BG3 Gerringothe Thorm Quests : Infiltrate Moonrise Towers  

BG3 Gerringothe Thorm Dialogue Options : When you get close, she’ll ask if you brought anything to pay the toll. You’ll have the following options to respond with: Who are you?.What do you require?.I will bring an end to the curse that shrouds this land.I bring… wine?.I bring you death. Choosing the second option will have her answer that she requires gold. You’ll then have the other options to converse further: It seems to me you have enough.If I give you gold, what do I get in return?.Toss the creature a gold piece.Attack.Leave. Choosing the first option will just have her reaffirm that you have to pay anyway, and the option will be replaced by an option to say that you do not have any more gold. If you ask what you get in return for gold, she’ll say she’ll allow you to pass, and then you’ll have the remaining options to pick. If you toss her a gold piece, she’ll consume it into herself, but she’ll want more than that. You’ll have the following options to proceed: Toss the creature another gold piece.How much do you want, exactly?.I don’t hand out so much gold for so little in return.Attack.Leave. If you choose the first option, she’ll want more again. If you choose the second option, she’ll say that she wants all your gold. The first two options will then be replaced by giving her all your money, which Astarion, Shadowheart, and Karlach will disapprove of. If you give her a minimum of 5000 gold (not counting the gold pieces you throw to her), she will state that you may pass, and you will be awarded experience equal to the amount you get for defeating her and her visages, as well as a Signed Trade Visa. If you do not pay her at least 5000 gold, and defeat her, she will drop an Unsigned Trade Visa which cannot be used. If you have any less than 5000 gold, you will be put into a combat engagement against her and all the visages in the tollhouse. If you give her over 5000 gold and she doesn't attack you, your gold can then be pick-pocketed from her, with a DC20 sleight of hand check. Note that she will also drop some of your gold while she is walking, and might also put some of it into the safe with the broken door. If at any point you fight her, she will likely start at the top of the turn order due to her alert feat, and cast a spell which deals damage to you based off of how much gold you are carrying, making it more practical to take your gold off of her body instead of stealing it back first. She also has a very large health pool which can be reduced by killing the nearby visages, each one causing a fragment of her armor to break, and making her drop a maximum of 100 gold per piece, reduced by the amount of damage you do to her prior to breaking it. Once all visages are killed she will be left with 7 hp. If you instead say that you’ll get so little in return for all this gold, she’ll restate that she can let you pass if you pay her the gold, like a broken record. However, this will give you the following new options to respond with: Fine. Take it all.Toss the creature a gold piece.I’ve already paid.You’re a toll collector. Or you were, anyway.[PERSUASION] Why stay in this rotted building? Take your gold and be free.[ROGUE] [PERSUASION] The ‘toll collector’ scam is old and uninspired. Give it a rest - figure out a new trick.[WARLOCK] [PERSUASION] Gold is such a limited desire. With the right help, you could become so much more. [DECEPTION] I’m here to replace you as toll collector. Choosing the sixth option if you’re a Rogue or if you have Astarion speak with her will give you the following options after she denies it is a trick: [DECEPTION] Yes, a trick - you’re a trickster! You don’t deserve the gold!.[PERSUASION] Look, I’ve run this scam myself - I know it’s a trick. A basic one at that.[INTIMIDATION] I require passage - or your throat will be cut. Choosing the first option and passing the Deception check will have her come undone and collapse in the weight of her debt as she process having tricked people for all her gold. Choosing the sixth option if you’re a Warlock will give you the following options after she claims that the gold is for the toll and not for her: [PERSUASION] Says who? Seems to me there’s no one here to oversee you.[DECEPTION] Haven’t you heard? The local authority has decreed the gold belongs to the toll collector - you.[INTIMIDATION] Not anymore. Choosing the first option here and passing the high DC Persuasion check will have her repeat the word “gold,” a few times before just giving up and claiming that she’ll pay all the gold back. Choosing the seventh option from the previous choices and being successful on the Deception check will give you the following options to follow up with after she says no: [DECEPTION] You’ve been promoted! You’ll collect gold from a much better tollhouse.[PERSUASION] You’ve done a great job here. Really set the standard. But I’ll take it from here.[INTIMIDATION] You dare to question their decision? Leave this place at once! Choosing the second option next will have you risk a Persuasion check with a whopping 21 DC. However, if successful, it will have Gerringothe self-combust as she tries to come to terms with being on the other side of the business and having to pay back all her gold. Choosing the third option here and passing the steep Intimidation check of 21 DC will have the added bonus of Astarion’s approval as she buys the act and pays all her gold back. Regardless of which path you took, your efforts will gain Karlach’s approval, and you can now loot her body for your reward - all her gold, the Twist of Fortune, and the Tollhouse Master’s Office Key. She’ll also drop a lot of gold on the floor all around her so make sure to get those before moving on.

BG3 Gerringothe Thorm Boss Guide : 

Gerringothe Thorm Boss Tips : Either kill via dialogue checks, or focus on nearby visages to reduce her HP quickly.

Gerringothe Thorm General Information : Race: UndeadHealth: 606AC: 16Base speed: Size: MediumWeight: 150 kgAttitude:

Gerringothe Thorm Passive Features : Alert: You gain a +5 bonus to Initiative and can't be Surprised. Coin Armour: Armoured in enchanted coins, this creature is a clinking emblem of golden greed. Could there be a method of removing the armour without destroying the coins? Darkvision: You can see in the dark up to 12m. Fast Hands: Gain an additional bonus action. Immune to Control Undead: This creature is so powerful, it simply cannot be controlled by the magical whim of others. Opportunity Attack: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. Turn Resistance: Affected entity has Advantage on Saving Throws against any effect that turns undead.

Gerringothe Thorm Abilities : Strength: 12Dexterity: 18Constitution: 12Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 12Charisma: 8

Attacks & Spells : attack1.attack2.spell1.spell2

Gerringothe Thorm Resistances : None

Gerringothe Thorm Rewards : Exp: 500 + 110 x 6.Twist of Fortune.Tollhouse Master's Office Key.Either Signed Trade Visa or Unsigned Trade Visa, depending on if you gave her the 5k gold

Notes and Tips : Giving Gerringothe Thorm 5000 or more gold, and then also defeating her in combat will reward you with BOTH the Signed Trade Visa, and all the gold you paid her, as well as all other loot normally acquired from the fight; However you will only get the experience for the encounter one time.??  