Kagha : Kagha is an NPC and potential Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Kagha can be found at Druid Grove. She is willing to perform the Rite of Thorns in the Grove, closing it to Tieflings and leaving them. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Kagha in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 1 Druid Grove  

BG3 Kagha Related Quests : Save Arabella.Save the Refugees.Kill Kagha  

BG3 Kagha Dialogue Options : Kagha is first found angrily discussing with her fellow druid, Rath, about what to do with Arabella. A child Tiefling, Arabella, attempted to steal the Idol of Silvanus to prevent the Druids from performing the Rite of Thorns. The events of this interaction will also progress through the Save Arabella Quest. [NATURE] Don't druids cherish harmony? Jailing the girl disrupts nature's balance.[PESRUASION] Release her. I'll see that she stays out of trouble. .[DETECT THOUGHTS] Read Kagha's mind.Keep silent.Prepare to attack. If you try to persuade Kagha to release Arabella, she will listen, which will please Rath. He will commend you for speaking up for the girl. Lae'zel will disapprove of this response, while Shadowheart, Wyll, Karlach and Gale will approve. If Arabella survives, you will be rewarded by her parents, Komira and Locke when you return to them and complete the quest: Save Arabella.If you choose to keep silent or hint at Arabella to run, Arabella will attempt to run away, this will cause Kagha's snake to bite her, killing her in the process. After this interaction, your journal for this quest will be updated. You can talk to her again. She also gives you a chance to state your opinion of her. If your character is a Drow, she will mention that a child of Lloth should understand. Only a monster would threaten a child. .You're protecting your own - sometimes cruelty is required. .Honestly, I just wanted to see what would happen.  Go with: Option 1 and call her a monster and Lae'zel will disapprove, while Wyll, Karlach and Gale will approve.Option 2 and compliment her for protecting her own and Wyll and Karlach will disapprove, while Lae'zel and Shadowheart will approve She tells you that the Idol of Silvanus is recovered, and the rite has resumed. She also praises you for your performance at the gate against the goblin horde, and suggests that you should act as a hired sword to help Zevlor guide his people out of the grove. Carry on the conversation and the journal for the Save the Refugees quest should update.   After talking to Zevlor if you return to her, you can tell her that he sent you to kill her, and start the battle. If you follow up on the quest Investigate Kagha and confront her, there is a chance to persuade her. Should you succeed (two checks) then Kagha will see reason and assist you against the shadow druids instead. Kagha acts as the leader of the Druid Grove while Halsin is not present. She cares about her people and points at the tieflings as the reason for what's going on at the Druid Grove.Inside the Servant's Quarters sub-area inside the druids inner sanctum, you can find Kagha's Chest. Hide and wait for Marcoryl to look the other way before picking the lock (DC 10) and steal the contests. Note that the screenshot below is outdated, as of version 4.1.1 this chest is now flagged as restricted and taking from it is stealing. Inside you can find a half-torn note and Faldorn's Canticle: The Shadow Druid's Doctrine. Faldorn? Shadow Druids? If you played BG 1 and BG 2, you should be familiar with both of these and smell trouble ahead!.Read the note and be directed to the Swamp Docks. Travel to the sunlit wetlands and find the Message of Shadow Druids, you can confront Khaga and persuade her to fight them. Second interaction Dialogue:  Olodan appears during your second interaction with Kagha after speaking with Zevlor. She tells you to tell Rath what is going on.  Take this letter, Rath. It will explain everything.Kagha's a Shdaow Druid. She means to convert the circle.Forget it, rat. You can explain it yourself.The Shadow Druids are taking over - the circle is overdue some change. As Rath goes against their plans, Olodan wants him burned away. You can intervene. [PERSUASION] The shadows won't save you - they'll corrupt you. Stop this, while you can.[DETECT THOUGHTS] Probe Kagha's mind.Take the grove. - I won't stand in your way.  If you choose persuasion and succeed, Kagha will see the truth in your words. Astarion will disapprove of this response. This will convince Kagha to turn against Olodan. This will update the journal for  Investigate Kagha and will complete Kill Kagha. This interaction will be followed by a battle against Olodan. You can speak to Kagha afterward to follow up on her thoughts.   

BG3 Kagha Stats : 

Kagha General Information : Race: Wood ElfHealth: 57AC: 14Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0

Kagha stats : Strength: 16Dexterity: 16Constitution: 14Intelligence: 14Wisdom: 16Charisma: 14 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: +3

Kagha Passive Features : Venomous Revenge: Whenever the wearer is healed, its weapon drips with poison, and deals additional Poison damage. Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Fey Ancestry: The Feywild casts a veil over your mind. You have advantage on saving throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep. Darkvision: Can see in the dark up to 12m. Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Resistant

Kagha Notable Loot : Broodmother's Revenge

Kagha Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  