Lord Enver Gortash : Act 2Act 3 Lord Enver Gortash is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Lord Enver Gortash can be found at Baldur's Gate. Lord Enver Gortash is a politician raised by a devil. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Lord Enver Gortash in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 2 Mind Flayer Colony Act  3 Baldurs Gate city, Wyrm Rock Fortress.   

BG3 Lord Enver Gortash Related Quests : Get Gortash's Netherstone  

BG3 Lord Enver Gortash Dialogue Options :  

BG3 Lord Enver Gortash Stats : 

Lord Enver Gortash General Information : Race: Lv 9 HumanHealth: 275AC: 16Base speed: ???Size: MediumWeight: Attitude: 0

Lord Enver Gortash stats : Strength: 14Dexterity: 20Constitution: 10Intelligence: 20Wisdom: 16Charisma: 18  

Lord Enver Gortash Passive Features : Avatar of Tyranny： ?? Bane's Brutality: ?? Authority： You have advantage on Intimidation Checks and Insight Checks. Crossbow Expert: Point-Blank Dark Devotion Advantage on Saving Throws against being Charmed or Frightened. Dauneless You Can't be Frightened, and cannot be afflicted with other emotion-altering conditions. Enervating Suffusion Your unarmed attacks deal an additional 1-4 Force damage. High Spellcasting You gain a +1 bonus to Spell Save DC. Magic Resistance Has Advantage on Saving Throws against spells and other magical effects. Opportunity Attack Permanently Armed Cant be disarmed. Scintillating You gain a +1 bonus to Charisma Checks and Saving Throws. None

Lord Enver Gortash Spells : Dazzling Ray.Mechanical Throw.Invoke the Black Hand.Tyrant's Bidding.Empowered Unarmed Strike.The Closed Fist of Bane

Lord Enver Gortash Notable Loot : Gauntlet of the Tyrant.Gortash's Netherstone.Cloth of Authority

Lord Enver Gortash Notes and Tips : Lord Enver Gortash is voiced by Jason Isaacs.You can interrupt his ceremony and fight him alongside the entire room if you choose.If you opt to side with Gortash, he will accompany you to the Morphic Pool, however, he will be killed shortly after.  