Lorroakan : Level 8 Human Mage Lorroakan is a Boss as well as an NPC (use link for details pertaining to character and quests) in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3).  BG3 Lorroakan is a level 8 human mage.  He is a petty, arrogant, selfish, narcissist who styles himself as the great archmage of Baldur's Gate. In truth however he is nothing more than an unremarkably talented charlatan. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Lorroakan in BG3 : Act 3 Lower City Sorcerous Sundries Ramazith's Tower .Sorcerous Sundries Ramazith's Tower .Ramazith's Tower  

BG3 Larroakan Quests : Find the Nightsong  

BG3 Larroakan Dialogue Options Larroakan : ???

Post-Mortem Larroakan Dialogue Options (Speak with Dead) : Speak with Dead How did you become owner of this place? Ramazith gone open for the taking  Who is Ramazith? Powerful mage spell-maker  Where did Ramazith go? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* How did you learn to imprison the Nightsong? Ramazith's notes Balthazar's magic  Where do you store your valuables? Lower floor magic repository vault key Any security measures I should be aware of in your repository? Traps spells deathly to touch  How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .How did you become owner of this place? Ramazith gone open for the taking  Who is Ramazith? Powerful mage spell-maker  Where did Ramazith go? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .Ramazith gone open for the taking  Who is Ramazith? Powerful mage spell-maker  Where did Ramazith go? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .Who is Ramazith? Powerful mage spell-maker  .Powerful mage spell-maker .Where did Ramazith go? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .*The corpse remains silent. It does not know.*.How did you learn to imprison the Nightsong? Ramazith's notes Balthazar's magic  .Ramazith's notes Balthazar's magic .Where do you store your valuables? Lower floor magic repository vault key Any security measures I should be aware of in your repository? Traps spells deathly to touch  How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .Lower floor magic repository vault key Any security measures I should be aware of in your repository? Traps spells deathly to touch  How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .Any security measures I should be aware of in your repository? Traps spells deathly to touch  How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .Traps spells deathly to touch  How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .How do I avoid the traps? All magic can be dispelled .All magic can be dispelled What's your name? Rolan. Just Rolan. .Rolan. Just Rolan.Do you have any family? No family no one No family? What about Lia and Cal? They are brother and sister. Cal says I am family, but  .No family no one No family? What about Lia and Cal? They are brother and sister. Cal says I am family, but  .No family? What about Lia and Cal? They are brother and sister. Cal says I am family, but  .They are brother and sister. Cal says I am family, but .How did you die? Too fast but can't be. Must finish  Finish what? My training must get to Larroakan What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .Too fast but can't be. Must finish  Finish what? My training must get to Larroakan What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .Finish what? My training must get to Larroakan What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .My training must get to Larroakan What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun.Where are you from? The city that survived Hell. .The city that survived Hell.Where were you going? To Baldur's Gate to Larroakan my destiny. What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .To Baldur's Gate to Larroakan my destiny. What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .What's so important about Larroakan? Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun. .Everything. He'll make me greatest wizard in Faerun.

BG3 Larroakan Boss Guide : 

Larroakan Boss Tips : A simple way to cheese the entire fight is to use psychic spells such as  Telekinesis, particularly on Larroakan himself, as these spells do not incur any thorns/retaliation damage from him.  Be wary of using Hunter's Mark and similar spells/abilities on him as these also cause him to use his retaliation reaction Elemental Retort.  If you position yourself correctly in front of the Water Myrmidon before the start of the fight you can simply use Telekinesis to throw Larroakan down onto a set of candles on the floor below.  When facing directly at his Book Throne simply look down to your left and you should see the candles.  This will take Larroakan out of play for a few turns and do substantial damage to him (usually ~50% of his health).  If you can follow this up with a Level 4 or higher Magic Missile, this is usually enough damage to kill Larroakan in two turns without fear of him using Elemental Retort.  Even if he is left standing with only a few points of health left and triggers his reaction, Counterspell will make quick work of it and negate the damage. Focusing on taking out the Air Myrmidon is a sound choice since doing so will remove it's Raging Vortex AoE, which acts as a Silence spell with the possibility of also damaging your party or forcing them to go Prone. Dousing certain myrmidons with effects like Encrusted with Forst will also add vulnerabilities to some of them (Air Myrmidon gains Cold and Lightning Vulnerability) If you chose to fight with Dame Aylin (aka Nightsong) then keeping her topped up with healing and other combat buffs like Bless and/or Shield of Faith will increase her survivability and allow her to deal out a moderate-to-high amount of punishment against the various adds in the fight, as she goes around the arena damaging enemies with Lunar Smite and Moonbeam. Gale or any other Evocation Wizards are particularly strong in this fight thanks to a combination of their large AoE/high-damage spells and Sculpt Spells feature.  Likewise, having a Wizard with Counterspell allows you to mitigate Rolan's Fireball and Thunderwaves, which allows you to effectively neutralize and ignore him for the whole duration of the fight, thus allowing you to focus down the myrmidons and Larroakan. CAUTION: Be careful NOT to let one of your characters get Shoved (all enemies can attempt to Shove and Rolan has Thunderwave) off the main platform as doing so will likely cause at least one of the myrmidons to Elemental Warp (teleport) to them.  Sometimes the myrmidons can accidentally fly or teleport to the bottom-most platform where the two invulnerability dome-shields are; if they land there they will become untargetable and unable to return back up to the rest of the fight, forcing you to restart the encounter. Also, if you want to use Speak with Dead after the fight make sure NOT to use any status effect spells (burn, acid, necrotic, radiance, frost, electric) to kill Larroakan OR Rolan.  Try to ensure one of your party members and NOT Dame Aylin lands the final blow, as she will likely burn him with radiance.  Psychic, Force, and regular ranged or melee final blows will ensure you preserve their bodies for any post-mortem interrogations.

Larroakan General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 98AC: 12Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: n/a

Larroakan Conditions : Scorching Siphon: Tempestuous Siphon: Aquatic Siphon: Earthen Siphon: ???

Larroakan Notable Features : Arcane Enchantment: ??? Elemental Retort: ??? Empowered Evocation: ??? Opportunity Attack: ??? Potent Cantrip: ??? Sculpt Spells: ??? Spell Resistance: ???

Larroakan Abilities : Strength: 11 Dexterity: 14Constitution: 14Intelligence: 19Wisdom: 15Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +3.Initiative: +2

Attacks & Spells : Dash.Elemental Retort (Reaction).Fireball.Mirror Image.Misty Step.Stoneskin

Larroakan Resistances : Slashing: n/aPiercing: n/aBludgeoning: n/aFire: Immune (Conditional)Lightning: Immune (Conditional)Psychic: n/aPoison: Immune (Conditional)  Cold: Immune (Conditional)

Larroakan Rewards : 140XP.640XP.220XP.Despair of Athkatla (Quarterstaff).Shelter of Athkatla (Robes).Random Assortment of Three Gemstones (Amethyst, Bloodstone, Jade, Onyx, Topaz, etc.) Quarterstaff.Birthright (Helm).Armour of Landfall (.Simple Robe.Vest of Soul Rejuvenation.Letter from Larroakan

Notes and Tips : Dame Aylin can accompany you to aid in this fight as an NPC, her stats are detailed below.Dame Aylin, Sword of the Moonmaiden Lv. 11 Aasimar (105HP | 18 AC | Initiative +0 | Medium Size | 75kg) Ability Scores: 18 10 16 11 13 17 Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Necrotic and Radiant damage Notable Features: Divine Health, Extra Attack, Improved Divine Smite, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Dash, Fly, Lunar Smite, Moonbeam, Shove .Ability Scores: 18 10 16 11 13 17.Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Necrotic and Radiant damage.Notable Features: Divine Health, Extra Attack, Improved Divine Smite, Opportunity Attack.Attacks: Dash, Fly, Lunar Smite, Moonbeam, Shove.Lorroakan has several allies during his boss fight, detailed below.Miklaur Lv. 1 Lightfoot Halfling (8HP | AC 10 | Initiative +0 | Small Size | 35kg) Ability Scores: STR 10 DEX 10 CON 10 INT 10 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: n/a Notable Features: Brave, Halfling Luck, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Dash, Main Hand Attack, Piercing Strike, Shove .Ability Scores: STR 10 DEX 10 CON 10 INT 10 WIS 10 CHA 10.Resistances: n/a.Notable Features: Brave, Halfling Luck, Opportunity Attack.Attacks: Dash, Main Hand Attack, Piercing Strike, Shove.Krank Lv. 4 Construct (53HP | AC 21 | Initiative +3 | Medium Size | 40kg) Ability Scores: STR 19 DEX 16 CON 18 INT 6 WIS 8 CHA 6 Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Psychic and Poison damage Conditions: Magic-Animated Notable Features: Antimagic Susceptibility, Darkvision, Extra Attack, Opportunity Attack Attacks: Dash, Lacerate, Main Hand Attack .Ability Scores: STR 19 DEX 16 CON 18 INT 6 WIS 8 CHA 6.Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Psychic and Poison damage.Conditions: Magic-Animated.Notable Features: Antimagic Susceptibility, Darkvision, Extra Attack, Opportunity Attack.Attacks: Dash, Lacerate, Main Hand Attack.Rolan Lv. 10 Asmodeus Tiefling Wizard (57HP | AC 10 | Initiative +0 | Medium Size | 75kg) Ability Scores: STR 12 DEX 10 CON 12 INT 16 WIS 12 CHA 12 Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Fire damage Notable Features: Darkvision, Empower Evocation, Hellish Resistance, Opportunity Attack, Potent Cantrip, Sculpt Spells Attacks: Dash, Jump, Shove, Fireball, Thunderwave .Ability Scores: STR 12 DEX 10 CON 12 INT 16 WIS 12 CHA 12.Resistances: Magical and non-magical Resistance to Fire damage.Notable Features: Darkvision, Empower Evocation, Hellish Resistance, Opportunity Attack, Potent Cantrip, Sculpt Spells.Attacks: Dash, Jump, Shove, Fireball, Thunderwave.Flanking Larroakan on either side, from left to right, are four Level 11 elemental myrmidons (Earth, Water, Fire, Air) Earth Myrmidon (127HP | AC 18 | +0 Initiative | Medium Size | 150kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 10 CON 17 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Burrow, Dash, Elemental Warp, Grounding Thunder Strike, Water Myrmidon (127HP | AC 18 | +4 Initiative | Medium Size | 175kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 16 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Magical and non-magical Resistance to Acid damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Dash, Elemental Warp, Explosive Icicle, Fly, Hiemal Strike Fire Myrmidon (123 | AC 18 | +8 Initiative | Small Size | 40kg) Ability Scores: STR 13 DEX 18 CON 15 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Fire, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Ethereal, Hellish Rebuke, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Cinderous Swipe, Dash, Elemental Warp, Fly, Hellish Rebuke, Myrmidon's Immolation, Scorching Strike Air Myrmidon (117 | AC 18 | +4 Initiative | Small Size | 20kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 14 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning/Psychic/Lightning damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Ethereal, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed, Tenacity Attacks: Dash, Electrified Flail, Elemental Warp, Raging Vortex .Earth Myrmidon (127HP | AC 18 | +0 Initiative | Medium Size | 150kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 10 CON 17 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Burrow, Dash, Elemental Warp, Grounding Thunder Strike, .Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 10 CON 17 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10.Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Poison.Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed.Attacks: Burrow, Dash, Elemental Warp, Grounding Thunder Strike,.Water Myrmidon (127HP | AC 18 | +4 Initiative | Medium Size | 175kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 16 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Magical and non-magical Resistance to Acid damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Dash, Elemental Warp, Explosive Icicle, Fly, Hiemal Strike .Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 16 INT 8 WIS 10 CHA 10.Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Magical and non-magical Resistance to Acid damage, Immune to Poison.Notable Features: Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed.Attacks: Dash, Elemental Warp, Explosive Icicle, Fly, Hiemal Strike.Fire Myrmidon (123 | AC 18 | +8 Initiative | Small Size | 40kg) Ability Scores: STR 13 DEX 18 CON 15 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Fire, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Ethereal, Hellish Rebuke, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed Attacks: Cinderous Swipe, Dash, Elemental Warp, Fly, Hellish Rebuke, Myrmidon's Immolation, Scorching Strike .Ability Scores: STR 13 DEX 18 CON 15 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10.Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning damage, Immune to Fire, Immune to Poison.Notable Features: Ethereal, Hellish Rebuke, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed.Attacks: Cinderous Swipe, Dash, Elemental Warp, Fly, Hellish Rebuke, Myrmidon's Immolation, Scorching Strike.Air Myrmidon (117 | AC 18 | +4 Initiative | Small Size | 20kg) Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 14 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10 Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning/Psychic/Lightning damage, Immune to Poison Notable Features: Ethereal, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed, Tenacity Attacks: Dash, Electrified Flail, Elemental Warp, Raging Vortex .Ability Scores: STR 18 DEX 14 CON 14 INT 9 WIS 10 CHA 10.Resistances: Non-magical Resistance to Slashing/Piercing/Bludgeoning/Psychic/Lightning damage, Immune to Poison.Notable Features: Ethereal, Opportunity Attack, Permanently Armed, Tenacity.Attacks: Dash, Electrified Flail, Elemental Warp, Raging Vortex  