Mystic Carrion : Level 12 Mummy Lord Mystic Carrion is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3).  BG3 Mystic Carrion can be found at Philgrave's Mansion in the Lower City of Baldur's Gate. Mystic Carrion is a level 12 undead Mummy Lord necromancer with a cadre of ghouls and ghasts in their employ. Mystic Carrion is also the objective of an altogether different side quest, Destroy Mystic Carrion, and also serves as a vendor/merchant with a selection of powerful items and alchemy reagents. If you do NOT want to immediately aggro Mystic Carrion and his ghouls/ghasts it is highly recommended you enter the house through the secret stone slab entrance and enter the parlor room (X:-8, Y:-158).  Should you get caught meandering on any of the upper floors you will initiate combat. There are a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find BG3 Mystic Carrion : Can be found at: Act 3 Lower City Philgrave's Mansion The mansion itself is situated by the fishing docks where you fight the Sahuagin ambush. The nearest waypoint is Heapside Strand. The mansion itself has no external doors so to speak. As such the only ways to enter are through a hole (X:-27, Y:-166) in the wall closest to the Gazebo near the docks where you'll find a male orc (Fyrd Nuuge) and female gnome (Beulla Sandfoot) discussing Nine-Fingers Keene; you must pass a passive Perception check to discover this hole and then use a spell like Enlarge/Reduce to squeeze through. Upon entering you'll find yourself in the basement and must make your way upstairs. A second entrance is located on the direct opposite side of the building (X:-8, Y:-158). You'll know you're in the right area if you see a green dragonborn named Druid Klarrvox. Past him there will be a set of descending stairs where eventually you'll naturally see the cutout of a door in the stone wall but your characters will still need to pass a passive Perception check to realize it's an actual entrance. You must pass a DC 25 Sleight of Hand check to unlock the slab. There is a third door on the balcony of the building, which would require you to find a means of accessing it via the rooftops in the area. .Philgrave's Mansion The mansion itself is situated by the fishing docks where you fight the Sahuagin ambush. The nearest waypoint is Heapside Strand. The mansion itself has no external doors so to speak. As such the only ways to enter are through a hole (X:-27, Y:-166) in the wall closest to the Gazebo near the docks where you'll find a male orc (Fyrd Nuuge) and female gnome (Beulla Sandfoot) discussing Nine-Fingers Keene; you must pass a passive Perception check to discover this hole and then use a spell like Enlarge/Reduce to squeeze through. Upon entering you'll find yourself in the basement and must make your way upstairs. A second entrance is located on the direct opposite side of the building (X:-8, Y:-158). You'll know you're in the right area if you see a green dragonborn named Druid Klarrvox. Past him there will be a set of descending stairs where eventually you'll naturally see the cutout of a door in the stone wall but your characters will still need to pass a passive Perception check to realize it's an actual entrance. You must pass a DC 25 Sleight of Hand check to unlock the slab. There is a third door on the balcony of the building, which would require you to find a means of accessing it via the rooftops in the area. .The mansion itself is situated by the fishing docks where you fight the Sahuagin ambush. The nearest waypoint is Heapside Strand.The mansion itself has no external doors so to speak. As such the only ways to enter are through a hole (X:-27, Y:-166) in the wall closest to the Gazebo near the docks where you'll find a male orc (Fyrd Nuuge) and female gnome (Beulla Sandfoot) discussing Nine-Fingers Keene; you must pass a passive Perception check to discover this hole and then use a spell like Enlarge/Reduce to squeeze through. Upon entering you'll find yourself in the basement and must make your way upstairs.A second entrance is located on the direct opposite side of the building (X:-8, Y:-158). You'll know you're in the right area if you see a green dragonborn named Druid Klarrvox. Past him there will be a set of descending stairs where eventually you'll naturally see the cutout of a door in the stone wall but your characters will still need to pass a passive Perception check to realize it's an actual entrance. You must pass a DC 25 Sleight of Hand check to unlock the slab.There is a third door on the balcony of the building, which would require you to find a means of accessing it via the rooftops in the area.  

BG3 Mystic Carrion's Related Quests : Destroy Mystic Carrion.Find Mystic Carrion's Servant.Unlock the Ancient Tome  

BG3 Mystic Carrion Dialogue Options :    

BG3 Mystic Carrion Merchant Wares : Veil of the Morning - 2720 Gold/1.8 weight.Armour of the Sporekeeper - 1700 Gold/4.5 weight.Hood of the Weave - 119 Gold/0,5 weight.Scroll of Eyebite x2 - 1020 Gold per scroll.Scroll of Cloudkill x2 - 680 Gold per scroll.Scroll of Phantasmal Killer - 306 Gold.Scroll of Fly - 170 Gold.Scroll of Speak with Dead x3 - 111 Gold per scroll.Scroll of Darkness - 111 Gold.Divine Bone Shard (Alchemy: - Elixir of Universal Resistance) - 99 Gold.Beholder Iris (Alchemy: - Supreme Elixir of Arcane Cultivation) - 77 Gold.Night Orchid (Alchemy: - Superior Elixir of Arcane Cultivation) - 29 Gold.Putrefied Tumour (Alchemy: - Oil of Bane) - 19 Gold.Imp Patagium (Alchemy: - Potion of Invisibility) - 15 Gold.Chasm Creeper (Alchemy: - Elixir of the Colossus) - 12 Gold.Hook (Alchemy: - Elixir of Vigilance) - 9 Gold.Hastening Spores (Alchemy: - Haste Spore Grenade) - 7 Gold.Poison Spore (Alchemy: - Noxious Spore Grenade) - 5 Gold.Scroll of Bestow Curse - 170 Gold  

BG3 Mystic Carrion Stats : 

Mystic Carrion General Information : Race: Mummy LordHealth: 143AC: 17Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0

Mystic Carrion Stats : Strength: 15Dexterity: 10Constitution: 17Intelligence: 15Wisdom: 20Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +4 Initiative: +0m

Mystic Carrion Passive Conditions : Unbeating Heart.Curdled Liver.Thoughtless Brain.Breathless Lungs

Mystic Carrion Passive Features : Darkvision.Heightened Necromancy.Life Essence Harvest.Magic Resistance.Multiattack: Frightened.Opportunity Attack.Permanently Armed.Turn Resistance Slashing: VulnerablePiercing: VulnerableBludgeoning: VulnerableFire: n/aLightning: n/aPsychic: n/aPoison: Immune Necrotic: Immune

Mystic Carrion Notable Loot : If you choose to kill Mystic Carrion you'll find the following items when you loot his body: Staff of Cherished Necromancy, Armour of the Sporekeeper, Veil of the Morning, as well as a spell scroll, a key, and a rusty key. One his servants, Thrumbo, will also then gift you the Crypt Lord Ring (Level 6 Necromancy spell - Create Undead)

BG3 Mystic Carrion Notes and Tips : Wizards with the Necromancy subclass receive a handful of unique dialogue options when interacting with Mystic Carrion, especially if they found and successfully used the legendary Necromancy of Thay book found in Ilyn Toth's secret lab in Act 1. One of these conversation choices is to reduce the cost of his seance from 1500 gold to 1000 gold.   Conversing with Mystic Carrion can also reveal the location of the Tharciate Codex, which is located at the magical shop, Sorcerous Sundries. This book is required to unlock the full potential of the Necromancy of Thay tome found in Act 1 (as long as you did not sell or destroy it).  