Phase Spider Matriarch : Predator of the Ethereal Plane Level 5 Phase Spider Matriarch is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Phase Spider Matriarch is a massive Phase Spider that resides in the Whispering Depths. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Phase Spider Matriarch in BG3 : Act 1 Whispering Depths  

BG3 Phase Spider Matriarch Quests : Search the Cellar  

BG3 Phase Spider Matriarch Dialogue Options : Players can't interact with the Phase Spider Matriarch, as soon as they are spotted, the battle will start.    

BG3 Phase Spider Matriarch Boss Guide : 

Phase Spider Matriarch Boss Tips : Phase Spider Matriarch lurks within its lair accompanied by two Phase Spider. Their movement range is massive since they can teleport, so be aware of that when facing them. The other thing you have to be aware of are the three groups of spider eggs lying around the lair. Try to destroy as many as possible before initiating combat with the Phase Spider Matriarch. Once you initiate combat, the Phase Spider Matriarch, will head to one of the three groups to hatch them instantaneously. This action will create 6 Phase Spiderling. They are not dangerous on their own, in groups they can hinder your chances of survival.  When you lower its health to 50%, the Phase Spider Matriarch will cast  Spider Queen's Wrath on itself. Increasing its Strength by 2, but lowering its Armour Class by 1.

Phase Spider Matriarch General Information : Race: Phase Spider (Monstrosity)Health: 125AC: 15Base speed: 9m Size: LargeWeight: 250kg.Attitude: 0

Phase Spider Matriarch Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction.  Web Walker: Isn't slowed down by web surfaces, and can't be Enwebbed by them. Darkvision

Phase Spider Matriarch Abilities : Strength: 19Dexterity: 16Constitution: 14 Intelligence: 6Wisdom: 12Charisma: 6 Proficiency Bonus: +2.Initiative: +3

Attacks & Spells : Venomous Discharge: Shoots a venom missile that can damage multiple targets.Ethereal Jaunt: Teleports the user to another location.Venomous Bite: Attacks with its jaws.Venomous Bite(Multiattack): Attacks with its jaws twice.Spider Queen's Wrath: Creature is enraged! Strength increased by 2, Armour Class reduced by 1. (After lowering 50% of its health).

Phase Spider Matriarch Resistances : Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Resistant

Phase Spider Matriarch Rewards : Poisoner's Robe

Notes and Tips : Sleep spell works good with the spiderlings.You can destroy the other spiderling eggs to prevent her from spawning more spiderlings. The ones on the far platform from her are fairly easy to sneak to without detecting - be sure to equip the Spiderstep Boots on the person sneaking to prevent detection! She will still be able to hatch the ones she starts by, but it makes things a lot easier in the last half of the battle.While attacking or destroying the closest clutch of eggs near the Matriarch will aggro the boss, by destroying all the eggs by sneaking before starting the fight and starting the actual fight by using a Fireball on the Matriarch and the last clutch of eggs closest to it is a relatively easy method of getting the achievement "Pest Control".Destroying the web bridges the Matriarch is standing on will result in fall damage.If you don't care about the robe/loot she drops you can use a gravity pushing spell, thunder arrow, etc. To push her off in to the green cavern below… Instant kill. Also, shoving her down the central cavern hole now causes her lootable corpse to be found in the Underdark at the spot where you land if you feather fall down the hole.  