Spectator : Beholder (Aberration) Level 4 Spectator is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). There are two Spectators to be found during Early Access, once related to the Find the Missing Shipment quest, while the other can be found in the Underdark. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

 Where to Find Spectator in BG3 : Act 1.The Risen Road. Complete the Find the Missing Shipment quest via obtaining the Iron Flask. Should you choose to interact with the flask and open it, this will release the trapped Spectator.Underdark. This Spectator will surprise your party while you are searching for Dhourn, one of the three drows that know about The Adamantine Forge. (Drops the The Spectator Eyes ).Act 3.House of Hope. Two Spectator's are floating around inside Hope's Prison.  

BG3 Spectator Quests : Find the Missing Shipment  

BG3 Spectator Dialogue Options : N/A

BG3 Spectator Boss Guide : 

Spectator Boss Tips : Spectator is a powerful caster and can inflict various status effects that may incapacitate or frighten party members for a few turns. Rendering you unable to use them for that turn. When you fight the Spectator in the Underdark, it will also summon the drow in the vicinity to fight you.

Spectator General Information : Race: Beholder (Aberration)Health: 89AC: 14Base speed: 12mSize: MediumWeight: 80kgAttitude: 0

Spectator Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction.  Darkvision

Spectator Abilities : Strength: 8Dexterity: 14Constitution: 14Intelligence: 13Wisdom: 14Charisma: 11 Proficiency Bonus: +2.Initiative: +2

Attacks & Spells : Bite - 2d4 Piercing.Fear Ray - DC 13.Paralyzing Ray - DC 13.Wounding Ray - DC 13

Spectator Resistances : Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalCold: NormalPoison: Normal

Spectator Rewards : 100 XP.150 XP (Tactician difficulty)

Notes & Tips : When summoned, it uses 3 eye stalks and attacks once.It is possible to skip the surprise turn by hiding the party and attacking one of the petrified drow from the ledge.An easy way to beat this boss: Have a character with high strength pick up a few barrels of oil from the Selunite outpost nearby. Put the barrels down around where the Spectator is hiding (he tends to spawn around the western edge, close to where one of the petrified Drow is making a frightened gesture). Hide the entire party (important!) before combat begins, and put the ranged characters some distance away. I used the high ground on the eastern side (where a petrified drow is making a leaping gesture with one outstretched hand). Have someone (e.g. Shadowheart) walk over by herself & put down a Glyph of Warding with Sleep effect on the area around the western cliff. Most of the time the Spectator will either spawn right into it, skipping you the Surprise turn, or will walk into it on his first turn and fall asleep. Since the rest of your party members are far away, they won't get dragged into the fight & will remain hidden. Use a strong melee character to make a powerful opening attack to shave off some HP. Because the boss is asleep, this will be a guaranteed hit. Dish out some ranged damage if you must; don't bother with any blessing or spells that use spell slots. Leave at least one character available with a fire cantrip (e.g. fire bolt) for the end. Move Any nearby character out of range, then shoot a barrel with the Fire Bolt. In my case I had 3 oil barrels and they easily killed the boss. Use Push or Knockback to push it into the abyss early on the statues can then be killed afterwards. The Crossbow "Giantbreaker" is higly usefull for this foe as it disregards enemy weight. .Have a character with high strength pick up a few barrels of oil from the Selunite outpost nearby.Put the barrels down around where the Spectator is hiding (he tends to spawn around the western edge, close to where one of the petrified Drow is making a frightened gesture).Hide the entire party (important!) before combat begins, and put the ranged characters some distance away. I used the high ground on the eastern side (where a petrified drow is making a leaping gesture with one outstretched hand).Have someone (e.g. Shadowheart) walk over by herself & put down a Glyph of Warding with Sleep effect on the area around the western cliff. Most of the time the Spectator will either spawn right into it, skipping you the Surprise turn, or will walk into it on his first turn and fall asleep. Since the rest of your party members are far away, they won't get dragged into the fight & will remain hidden.Use a strong melee character to make a powerful opening attack to shave off some HP. Because the boss is asleep, this will be a guaranteed hit.Dish out some ranged damage if you must; don't bother with any blessing or spells that use spell slots. Leave at least one character available with a fire cantrip (e.g. fire bolt) for the end.Move Any nearby character out of range, then shoot a barrel with the Fire Bolt. In my case I had 3 oil barrels and they easily killed the boss.Use Push or Knockback to push it into the abyss early on the statues can then be killed afterwards. The Crossbow "Giantbreaker" is higly usefull for this foe as it disregards enemy weight.    