Thisobald Thorm : Level 6 Thisobald Thorm is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Thisobald Thorm can be found in the Waning Moon, Reithwin Town. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Thisobald Thorm in BG3 : Act 2 The Waning Moon  

BG3 Thisobald Thorm Quests : Infiltrate Moonrise Towers  

BG3 Thisobald Thorm Dialogue Options : You can approach him to start a conversation. He’ll bid you to drink the drink he’s put in front of you and tell your story as if it were a normal bar. You’ll have the following choices to respond with: What in all Nine Hells are you?.What is it that you’re serving?.I already drank some wine earlier, thank you.Attack. If you choose the first option, he’ll introduce himself as Ketheric’s son. Afterward, you’ll have the following choice of actions: Pick up the tankard.No. I will not drink.Attack. If you choose the first option, you’ll have the chance to observe him carefully. He’ll then propose a toast. You’ll have the following choices with what to do with the drink: [SAVING THROW] Drink with the Brewer.[SLEIGHT OF HAND] Mime drinking.No. I will not drink.Attack. Choosing the second option will have you try for a Sleight of Hand check with a bit of a steep DC of 18 to fool him into drinking alone. Astarion and Karlach will approve of this choice. Note that if you fail any checks from this point on, it will result in a battle against the corrupted brewer, along with the other corrupted people in the brewery, which will be very difficult. The DC for each round will also go up bit by bit. After this first round, he’ll comment on how little you drank and then ask you to tell him a story. You’ll have a number of choices, depending on the events that you’ve let your character experience so far, which will all entail a Performance check. Additionally, you’ll have the option to talk about your pact as a vessel for your patron if your character is a Warlock, which will require a Persuasion check instead. Finally, you’ll also have the option to not share any stories. Astarion and Karlach will approve of succeeding the Persuasion check. He’ll be quite amused at your drinking and storytelling skills and will ask you to do it again. You’ll have the following choices for your next course of action: Who placed the curse on this land?.How did you become… what you are now?.[SAVING THROW] Do as he says. Drink.[SLEIGHT OF HAND] Mime a sip of your drink.No. I will not drink.Attack. If you ask how he became this way, he’ll say that it was his dad’s laughter. Asking about the curse will reveal that it was indeed Ketheric’s doing and that he’s also responsible for keeping the curse active. He seems to have a tiny moment of clarity and hushes the conversation for fear of being heard, and then you’ll just be left with the remaining options. Successfully passing a Constitution check to drink will gain approval again from Astarion and Karlach. Afterward, he’ll ask for another round of stories, which you’ll need to succeed another Performance check to do. Astarion and Karlach will once again approve of being able to do this. He’ll invite you to ask questions again afterward, along with the rest of the choice for another drink. If you ask how Ketheric keeps the curse active, he’ll cryptically answer with the spirit of the land. If you ask about Ketheric himself, he’ll just reaffirm his immortality, but also that he’s not. Unlike the previous round, you can ask the additional question of Ketheric’s weakness. He’ll slip and mention a “her” that he should not be talking about. After that, you’re back to either drinking with a Saving Throw, pretending to drink with a Sleight of Hand check, or probably ending up in a fight against him. Either of which, Astarion and Karlach will again approve of. He’ll finally recognize you as someone dangerous after this round, but he will have drank too much already and burst all on his own. If you brought Astarion along, he’ll be inspired by your antics if you tricked the brewer in even one of the rounds. Karlach will also be inspired if you actually drank at least once. Those of the Guild Artisan Background will also be inspired by the risk your they took with the whole endeavor.

BG3 Thisobald Thorm Boss Guide : 

Thisobald Thorm Boss Tips : You can drink him to death in dialogue.

Thisobald Thorm General Information : Race: UndeadHealth: 288AC: 16Base speed: Size: LargeWeight: 600 kgAttitude:

Thisobald Thorm Passive Features : Darkvision: You can see in the dark up to 12m. Extra Attack: Can make an additional free attack after making an unarmed or weapon attack. If you gain the Extra Attack feature from more than one class, they don't add together. Immune to Control Undead: This creature is so powerful, it simply cannot be controlled by the magical whim of others. Opportunity Attack: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. Turn Resistance: Affected entity has Advantage on Saving Throws against any effect that turns undead.

Thisobald Thorm Abilities : Strength: 18Dexterity: 14Constitution: 16Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 16Charisma: 6

Attacks & Spells : attack1.attack2.spell1.spell2

Thisobald Thorm Resistances : Slashing: ImmunePiercing: ImmuneBludgeoning: ImmuneThunder: Immune

Thisobald Thorm Rewards : Worn Key

Notes and Tips : Notes and tips go here.??  