Yurgir : Orthon Yurgir is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Orthon Yurgir can be found at the Gauntlet of Shar. Yurgir is an Orthon trapped by Raphael. He is bound to a contract that keeps him trapped. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Orthon Yurgir in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 2 Gauntlet of Shar Act 3 House of Hope  

BG3 Orthon Yurgir Related Quests : Kill Raphael's Old Enemy.Break Yurgir's Contract.The Pale Elf  

BG3 Orthon Yurgir Dialogue Options : You can meet Orthon in the Gauntlet of Shar. Orthon Yurgir can be found in the east part of the area (X:-652 Y:-776). You can ask him to recite his contract and find the loophole in it, and deceive him into killing his own minions, even himself. This will affect the journals for Break Yurgir's Contract. If you choose to kill him, wait for Raphael to seek you again. When given the option, you have the following choices (These options can vary or expand based on your character): He wants you dead.I've had dealings with that devil. Maybe we can help each other.There's nothing stopping you from leaving. I know a way out. .Attack.  If you choose option 1, Astarion will want you to tell him Raphael's location.  Let's share our experiences about Raphael. Perhaps we can help each other. .Raphael could be anywhere. But let me go, and I'll free you from his grasp.I've got nothing to spit out- not for you, anyway. Attack.  If you choose option one, he will bring up his contract. This will give you an additional quest: Break Yurgir's Contract. You can choose to complete this quest or continue with Raphael's original bidding and complete Kill Raphael's Old Enemy. Your choices here will affect both quests.  You can follow through with Raphael's request to kill Yurgir and proceed to the next objective. .If you decide to go against Raphael. If you agree to help him search the are to solve the loopholes of his contract, Astarion, Shadowheart and Karlach will disapprove. Keep in mind that if you succeed in breaking the contract and attempt to ask for a reward, he will only offer your life a reward and until Raphael will soon make a reappearance offering him another contract; Yurgir will allow you to take anything he left behind. To find out how to break the contract view: Break Yurgir's Contract. Make a decision to conclude either quest and progress through The Pale Elf with Astarion.   

BG3 Orthon Yurgir Stats : 

Orthon Yurgir General Information : Race: FiendHealth: 105 AC: 17Base speed: ???Size: LargeWeight: 220kgAttitude: 0

Orthon Yurgir stats : Strength: 22Dexterity: 16Constitution: 21Intelligence: 15Wisdom: 15Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: +8

Orthon Yurgir Passive Features : Alert.Darkvision.Devil's Sight.Extra Attack.Magic Resistance.Opportunity Attack Slashing: Resistant to non-magical attacksPiercing: Resistant to non-magical attacksBludgeoning: Resistant to non-magical attacksFire: ImmuneCold: ResistantPoison: Immune

Orthon Yurgir Notable Loot : Infernal Metal.Hellfire Hand Crossbow

Orthon Yurgir Notes and Tips : The bombs Yurgir throws can be thrown back, they deal fire and force damage, so they won't deal as much damage since Yurgir and his minions are immune to fire damage, but it would help in the first part of the fight where they're all grouped up initially.If you decide to help Yurgir, he will become a valuable ally and companion for the later parts of the game.If you decide to break Yurgir's contract by killing the Last Justiciar before talking to him, Raphael will appear to offer Yurgir a new contract. If you decide to kill Yurgir, you should attack him without starting a conversation with him.Other Notes & Tips go here.  