Abdirak : Abdirak is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Abdirak can be found at Shattered Sanctum. Abdirak is praying to Loviatar when first found. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Abdirak Information: : Abdirak is a follower of Loviatar, the goddess of pain. He likes pain, to suffer it and to inflict it.Completing his dialogue for being hit 3 times grants you "Loviatar's Love". Which is a permanent buff "When below 30% health, you get a +2 to attacks and saving throws." (You need to scream in the dialogue to be granted the buff)  

Where to find Abdirak : Can be found at: Act 1.Shattered Sanctum, besides the room where you find Volo.   

Abdirak Quests : N/A  

Abdirak Dialogue Options : Once you approach him. Abdirak is surprised to see someone else apart from the goblins. He asks you if you are there to assist with the prisoner. Your experience here could Inspire Shadowheart. You can say the following: You mean the one they are torturing?.What do you mean?.I'm only passing through.  If you mention the torturing he will call their practice primitive. Then he will say "Pain without purpose is a terrible thing, wouldn't you agree?  It's appalling. .Who invited you? A goblin?.Then why are you beating yourself?.I thought a follower of Loviatar would approve of pain.Leave.  You will have the opportunity to ask him about a few additional things:  Ask about the prisoner. He tells you that is a man being held next door. Abdirak then states that pain without purpose is a terrible thing and asks if you agree with him.tell him you find it appalling.Ask him if he was invited by a goblin.Ask him why is he beating himself. State that you'd thought a follower of Loviatar would love pain. He is gladly surprised that you know about his Goddess. He explains how the worshiping work and he offers you to participate. He will eventually offer to show you and if you have Lae'zel with you she will want to see what these skilled hands might get up to.  All right, why not?.Touch me and you'll lose your hand. .Leave.  Agree to this and both Shadowheart and Astarion will approve but Karlach will disapprove. When he begins you can deal with it with the following checks.  Attempt a Constitution check to hold back your cries.Attempt a Performance check to yelp loudly and dramatically beg for mercy.Attempt an Intimidation check, telling Abdirak that a child can hit harder than that. Succeeding, the Loviatar Priest hits you again with his Mace.Monk first blow, 'slow your breathing and to attain silence, inside and out' the priest goads you into crying out second blow, [extended dialogue of Astarion and Shadowheart] 'slow your heart and sink deeper into stillness' the priest goads again, 'let the world recede. You neither hear the priest nor feel the blow' the priest will land a last blow. Then chastise you for not crying out.  He will continue and you will have the same options and an additional option to ask him to stop.  Attempt an Intimidation check, telling Abdirak that he looks tired. Passing the check, the priest hits you again, and congratulates you for enduring the pain as a true believer. After this you can tell him what you think Thank you. I enjoyed myself.It was an   interesting experience. I asked you for mercy!.Leave.    State that he could have hit you harder. He says you start to sound like the goddess yourself and finishes the conversation thanking you for the opportunity.   

Abdirak Notes and Tips : Abdirak will not attack the player if you are clearing out the goblin camp after the defense of the grove. (or also maybe in general if you flat-out attack the lair). He will if talked to, say he the goblin has blood on their teeth, and will just leave. Not confirmed where or if he appears later.   