Akabi : Akabi is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 and can be found at the Circus of the Last Days in Rivington. Akabi is a Djinn who works for the circus with a loud and oddly jovial-yet-brusque personality, referring to the player character as titles such as "Ugly One" and "Putrid One". His role at the circus is running the Wheel of Wonders and distributing prizes.Each spin of the wheel is 500 gold, and all prizes you receive are mostly junk or humorous equipment with amusing caveats when you use them. If your character chooses to spin the wheel passes a Perception check on the first spin, you will notice that the game is rigged. To win the grand prize, you must first pickpocket the Djinni Ring from him (which he uses to control the wheel), and you will then be able to win. The grand prize is the Legendary weapon Nyrulna.   

Where to find Akabi : Can be found at: Act 3 Circus of the Last Days in Rivington  

Akabi Notes and Tips : If you pickpocket the magic ring from Akabi and then spin the wheel, you will automatically win the Jackpot. He will accuse you of cheating and teleport you to a remote jungle location without your companions. The jungle is roamed by Chult Alioramus beasts that you can fight or sneak past. Nyrulna is located in a chest by the portal exit, and the Band of the Mystic Scoundrel is in a backpack in the lower left corner of the map.The following "junk" prizes can be obtained from Akabi if you do not pickpocket the magic ring: Boots of Very Fast Blinking (Grants altered version of Misty Step, your characters will be teleported, but not their clothing. ) Gem of Restitution - "An exceedingly loyal gem that just so happens to return to its owner's pocket if sold. Very useful were it not for the fact that it is the circus genie who owns it." (This Gem actually returns to its rightful owner the next day if you sell it. If you sell it, you can find it on Akabi the next day. You have to kill Akabi in order to claim this gem. ) Sharess' Caress Voucher - "The holder of this voucher can exchange it for a free drink at Sharess' Caress. Expired a year ago." Unlucky Thief's Gloves (provides a +2 bonus to Sleight of Hand checks, and adds a piece of Charcoal to the wearer's inventory for each item they steal. There is a chance this glove adds burning status to wearer, to avoid this, use Reverse Rain Cloak to make yourself always wet.) Eternal Carafe of Wine (Or Sometimes Acid) - "Each morning, this carafe refills with wine. Sometimes, however, instead of wine, it refills with indigestible acid." (Drink this item does not consume action, can be used to reduce your HP. For example, Helmet of Grit grants an additional bonus action when has 50% Hit Points or less. ) Reverse Rain Cloak (Makes the wearer Wet. This permanent condition causes them to be immune to Burning, resistant to fire damage, but vulnerable to cold and lightning damage. Can be used with Unlucky Thief's Gloves to prevent being burned. Can be equipped and removed to clean the wearer's appearance at any time.) Comeback Handaxe (A +1 Handaxe, which, when thrown, returns to the user's inventory and deals 1d6 slashing damage to them.) Staff of a Mumbling Wizard (When equipped, gives the user a cantrip called "Firebolt?". It has a 10% chance of spawning a Fireball centered on the caster with every use of the cantrip.) Lonely Left Boot of Elvenkind - "This is the left boot of the famous magical footwear. Unfortunately, useless without its pair." Mirror of Ageing - "This mirror will show you yourself as an elderly person - provided you look into it for long enough. Decades, for preference." Definitely a Broom of Flying - "This magical broom bestows the powers of flight to winged beings. Warning: chickens not included." Bag of Moulding - "All food that is put into this bag immediately grows mould and spoils." The Other Hand of Vecna - "Not as powerful as its sister, yet still provides superior scratching capabilities." Akabi's Old Lamp - "This lamp is empty, yet emanates the distinct smell of old socks." +1 Breastplate - "Wearing this 'plus one' garment allows you to bring one additional person to a wedding or any other similar occasion." Magical Walnut - "If planted, this nut will grow into a tree that grants the planter a single wish. However, its a nasty-minded nut, and will only flower into a tree once the planter is dead." .Boots of Very Fast Blinking (Grants altered version of Misty Step, your characters will be teleported, but not their clothing. ).Gem of Restitution - "An exceedingly loyal gem that just so happens to return to its owner's pocket if sold. Very useful were it not for the fact that it is the circus genie who owns it." (This Gem actually returns to its rightful owner the next day if you sell it. If you sell it, you can find it on Akabi the next day. You have to kill Akabi in order to claim this gem. ).Sharess' Caress Voucher - "The holder of this voucher can exchange it for a free drink at Sharess' Caress. Expired a year ago.".Unlucky Thief's Gloves (provides a +2 bonus to Sleight of Hand checks, and adds a piece of Charcoal to the wearer's inventory for each item they steal. There is a chance this glove adds burning status to wearer, to avoid this, use Reverse Rain Cloak to make yourself always wet.).Eternal Carafe of Wine (Or Sometimes Acid) - "Each morning, this carafe refills with wine. Sometimes, however, instead of wine, it refills with indigestible acid." (Drink this item does not consume action, can be used to reduce your HP. For example, Helmet of Grit grants an additional bonus action when has 50% Hit Points or less. ).Reverse Rain Cloak (Makes the wearer Wet. This permanent condition causes them to be immune to Burning, resistant to fire damage, but vulnerable to cold and lightning damage. Can be used with Unlucky Thief's Gloves to prevent being burned. Can be equipped and removed to clean the wearer's appearance at any time.).Comeback Handaxe (A +1 Handaxe, which, when thrown, returns to the user's inventory and deals 1d6 slashing damage to them.).Staff of a Mumbling Wizard (When equipped, gives the user a cantrip called "Firebolt?". It has a 10% chance of spawning a Fireball centered on the caster with every use of the cantrip.).Lonely Left Boot of Elvenkind - "This is the left boot of the famous magical footwear. Unfortunately, useless without its pair.".Mirror of Ageing - "This mirror will show you yourself as an elderly person - provided you look into it for long enough. Decades, for preference.".Definitely a Broom of Flying - "This magical broom bestows the powers of flight to winged beings. Warning: chickens not included.".Bag of Moulding - "All food that is put into this bag immediately grows mould and spoils.".The Other Hand of Vecna - "Not as powerful as its sister, yet still provides superior scratching capabilities.".Akabi's Old Lamp - "This lamp is empty, yet emanates the distinct smell of old socks.".+1 Breastplate - "Wearing this 'plus one' garment allows you to bring one additional person to a wedding or any other similar occasion.".Magical Walnut - "If planted, this nut will grow into a tree that grants the planter a single wish. However, its a nasty-minded nut, and will only flower into a tree once the planter is dead.".You cannot win any prize more than once. Since each spin costs 500 gold, it'll cost you 8000 to get them all. Note, however, that once you've gotten all of them, he will no longer let you spin, meaning you can no longer get teleported to the jungle to grab Nyrulna.  

Akabi Dialogue Options : --  

Akabi Stats : 

Akabi General Information : Race: ElementalHealth: 183AC: 17Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 100kgAttitude: 0

Akabi stats : Strength: 22Dexterity: 13Constitution: 24Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 15Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: n/a Initiative: +1

Akabi Passive Features : Opportunity Attack Slashing: nonePiercing: noneBludgeoning: noneFire: Damage is halved (magical and non-magical)Lightning: ImmunePsychic: nonePoison: none       Thunder: Immune

Akabi Notable Loot : Djinni Ring.Venomous Fang.3 gold

Akabi Quests : --  