Alfira : Act 1 Act 2 Alfira is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Alfira can be found at the Druid Grove. Alfira is a Tiefling bard, that is having trouble finding inspiration to complete her song. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on. She is on the cliff overlooking the ritual. ~X:284, Y:494. SE of the Emerald Grove marker.   "Words of mine will turn to ashWhen you call the last light down" — Lyrics from The Weeping Dawn   

Where to find Alfira : Can be found at: Act 1 Druid Grove (Emerald Grove) Act 2 Last Light Inn (Shadow-Cursed Lands)

Alfira Related Quests : The Urge - Alfira will visit the camp after some time. After encouraging her to stay, The Dark Urge will wake up covered in her blood and guts, having murdered her in her sleep.You will have the following options: 1. Wash the blood away with water 2. [STEALTH] Try to hide the body DC 12 3. Prepare to face the others - you aren't going to hide. If you choose this option, you will be able to explain the situation without fighting anyone 4. Go back to sleep. .1. Wash the blood away with water.2. [STEALTH] Try to hide the body DC 12 .DC 12.3. Prepare to face the others - you aren't going to hide. If you choose this option, you will be able to explain the situation without fighting anyone .If you choose this option, you will be able to explain the situation without fighting anyone.4. Go back to sleep.   In Act 2, completing the quest Save the Tieflings and saving Lakrissa will have her rewarding you with the Potent Robe, 464 gold, scrolls of Haste, Cloudkill, and Barkskin, a Potion of Greater Healing, Arsonist's Oil, a Potion of Speed, an Acid Vial, and a Smokepowder Bomb. (Note: these rewards may be slightly random in what she gives and quantity, but you will always receive the robe and some gold.)  

Alfira Dialogue Options : You can encourage Alfira to finish her song, and later invite her to your camp for a victory party (if you side with Tieflings.)If you use Speak with Animals spell to talk to the squirrels in front of her, you will hear some funny comments. Approach Alfira and she will be mid-song.  Stay silent and listen.What's that tune you're singing? .How can I put this? That sounded a little unpolished. .Leave.  Converse with her and you may have additional options: Let me see if I can help. .That's the creative process for you. Agony and ecstasy. Mostly agony. .Why are you songwriting now? Hardly the best time.You'd better swap that lute for a weapon. You'll need one, soon enough. .Leave. If you offer your assistance she will offer her second lute.  First things first what's the song about?.Hand me that lute. We can perform together. .Leave If you ask what the song is about, she will talk about her teacher. You can try to continue to inspire her encourage her to keep going from here and she will continue the song and a scene will play. You can choose to skip at any time.  Telling her to hand you the lute allows you the option to perform with her, triggering two performance checks: one with a DC 15 followed by a DC 10. Passing both checks grants the character performing proficiency in Musical Instruments. (Note: this does not give you proficiency in the Performance skill, but does allow you to attract a crowd by playing an instrument or whistling.) Doing so grants you a legendary lute, but you do not get the cutscene of her performing the finished song.  

Alfira Stats : 

Alfira General Information : Race: Asmodeus TieflingHealth: 8AC: 10Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 60kgAttitude: 0

Alfira stats : Strength: 10Dexterity: 10Constitution: 10Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 10Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: -

Alfira Passive Features : Hellish Resistance: Your blood protects you from flame, abyssal or otherwise. You have resistance to Fire and take only half damage from it. Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Darkvision: Can see in the dark up to 12m. Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: ResistantLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Alfira Notable Loot : Lihala's Lute.Lute.Potato

Alfira Notes and Tips : If you wish to spare her reliably from the Dark Urge's killer instinct, simply walk across the bridge leading to the Blighted Village from the Emerald Grove Environs Waypoint then return to the Druid Camp and knock her out with nonlethal damage. Long resting after this should trigger the camp scene with her replaced by a silver dragonborn bard.  