Angry Mar'hyah : Rivington Angry Mar'hyah is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Angry Mar'hyah can be found at Rivington. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Angry Mar'hyah : Can be found at: Act 3 Rivington  

Angry Mar'hyah Related Quests : N/A  

Angry Mar'hyah Dialogue Options :  Out the Double Doors to the right of the building are the courier's dog trainers and their several dogs in cages. Scratch was one of their courier dogs and you can mention him when speaking to the dogs' caretakers. Speak to Oyster Boy Dringo and you'll get the following set of dialogue choices: Do you work here?.That woman seems like a harsh taskmaster.I think I found one of your dogs - Scratch. If you pick the second option, he'll bring up that his dad told him she'd toughen him up. Your next set of choices will look like this: She seems like a bully.Your dad sounds like a smart man.You don't look very tough. Pick the first option, and he tries to justify her behaviour. At this point the Angry Mar'hyah will interrupt the conversation saying that you are trespassing. You can bring up Scratch to her, to which she asks if you can call for him as both caretakers would be very happy to see him. When you whistle for Scratch, he shows up weary of the lady. She proclaims that Scratch is a property of Sword Coast Couriers and demands him back. Your list of responses will be: You shouldn't raise your hand to him like that.I though Scratch belonged to Gomwick?.Is there any reward for returning him?.He lives with me - you can't just take him.Sorry Scratch, she's right. You don't belong to me. If you pick the fourth option, the Angry Mar'hyah threatens you again to which you can reply with: I'm sorry Scratch, there's nothing I can do.[INTIMIDATION] I'll break every bone in your body before I let you hurt that dog.[PERSUASION] He's forgotten his training. He'll be a terrible influence on the rest of your hounds. If you pick the third option, you'll have to succeed on a DC 18 Persuasion Check. If you choose the second option, you'll have to make a DC 18 Intimidation Check. Succeed on the Intimidation Check and Dringo pipes up saying that she abuses all the dogs here. You'll have another set of choices to choose from: I'm sorry Dringo - I only care about Scratch.[DECEPTION] I hear Lord Gortash abhors animal abuse. Perhaps I should report you to him.[INTIMIDATION] I'll give you to the count of ten to leave these kennels. One, two   Pick the second option and you'll have to succeed on a DC 20 Deception Check. If you succeed, she'll march off, leaving the dogs' care to Dringo. If you cast Speak with Animals, you can speak with the dogs here to learn that they are relieved that the Angry Mar'hyah has left. Back at camp, you can also speak to Scratch who says that he is happy at Camp and believes Dringo will take care of the other courier dogs. Keeping Scratch at camp gives you the approval of both Wyll and Gale.  

Angry Mar'hyah Stats : 

Angry Mar'hyah General Information : Race: ???Health: ???AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Angry Mar'hyah stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Angry Mar'hyah Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Angry Mar'hyah Notable Loot : ????

Angry Mar'hyah Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  