Araj Oblodra : Potion of Everlasting Vigour (Unmarked) Test Subject (Unmarked) Araj Oblodra is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 who can be found at Moonrise Towers. In addition to acting as a typical merchant she also takes great interest in not only extracting True Soul blood in exchange for powerful, racially unique potions, but also has a peculiar desire to be bitten by a vampire or dhampir.  With Astarian present in your party she will offer an additionally powerful potion should you convince him to bite her and drain some of her blood. Granting her your own blood or at least that of one of your companions will also net you a +15 attitude with her as a vendor, thus decreasing her shop prices and allowing you to sell items to her for more worth than their value.  Repeat blood offers provide no additional attitude increases.  When she pricks you for your blood you will also lose 1 health point. Interestingly, coercing Astarian to bite her does not improve her attitude towards you or any of your party members, nor does it add any additional attitude bonus on top of the original +15. There are a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game.  Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Araj Oblodra : Can be found on Act 2: Moonrise Towers - Main Floor through the left door when facing the throne room entrance  Can be found in Act 3: Crimson Draughts - Baldur's Gate, Lower City - Across the street from Beehive Goods and Wares. One of Araj's experiments will cause a large explosion as the player approaches the building. .One of Araj's experiments will cause a large explosion as the player approaches the building. 

Araj Oblodra Quests : Potion of Everlasting Vigour Not a full-fledged quest, but letting her take a drop of your blood rewards you with a race-specific potion. Additionally, letting Astarion bite her gives you, for a slight drop in his affection, the Potion of Everlasting Vigour; a potion that permanently raises a characters Strength by 2. .Not a full-fledged quest, but letting her take a drop of your blood rewards you with a race-specific potion. Additionally, letting Astarion bite her gives you, for a slight drop in his affection, the Potion of Everlasting Vigour; a potion that permanently raises a characters Strength by 2.Test Subject If the player allows Araj Oblodra to take their blood while in the Moonrise Towers in Act II, they will be given an opportunity to imbibe a Mysterious Potion made from the experiment that caused Araj's house to explode moments earlier. Drinking the potion deals 1d4 Slashing damage to the imbiber, gives them the Test Subject condition (You have ingested Araj's potion as part of an experiment.), causes an explosion, and sets fire to 3m around them dealing 1d6 Fire damage to non-party members. The blast does not turn Araj hostile if she is caught in it - untested with other NPCs. Upon speaking with Araj after the explosion, she delights that you are in fact alive and calls you the first detonative exsanguinator. The character who imbibed the potion gains the Unstable Blood passive feature. Their blood is now highly explosive and will explode when it comes into contact with fire. Araj will request more blood for access to a new item, the Sanguine Explosive. If you comply with her request, the character who gave the affirmative will receive 2 untyped damage, completing the Innovations in Volatility Inspiration. The Sanguine Explosive deals 4d8 Force damage and 4d8 Fire damage in a 3m radius, creating a surface of blood on explosion, triggering a Dexterity saving throw from those affected. .If the player allows Araj Oblodra to take their blood while in the Moonrise Towers in Act II, they will be given an opportunity to imbibe a Mysterious Potion made from the experiment that caused Araj's house to explode moments earlier.Drinking the potion deals 1d4 Slashing damage to the imbiber, gives them the Test Subject condition (You have ingested Araj's potion as part of an experiment.), causes an explosion, and sets fire to 3m around them dealing 1d6 Fire damage to non-party members. The blast does not turn Araj hostile if she is caught in it - untested with other NPCs.Upon speaking with Araj after the explosion, she delights that you are in fact alive and calls you the first detonative exsanguinator. The character who imbibed the potion gains the Unstable Blood passive feature. Their blood is now highly explosive and will explode when it comes into contact with fire.Araj will request more blood for access to a new item, the Sanguine Explosive. If you comply with her request, the character who gave the affirmative will receive 2 untyped damage, completing the Innovations in Volatility Inspiration. The Sanguine Explosive deals 4d8 Force damage and 4d8 Fire damage in a 3m radius, creating a surface of blood on explosion, triggering a Dexterity saving throw from those affected. 

Astarion Romance : You can actually prevent him breaking up with you over the potion. The next time you speak with him you'll be prompted with a disparaging dialogue.  Provide the following answers: Answer 1: (1) Are you alight?Answer 2: (3) You can always throw yourself at me.Answer 3: (1) How should I see you?Answer 4: (1) I care about you.Answer 5: (1) Open your mind to show him. This provides an insight into Astarions inner conflicts and also sympathy points, as he agrees with your last answer.  

Araj Oblodra Merchant Stock : 

  : 

Araj Oblodra Notes and Tips : Elf - Elven Elegance: Gain 10m/33ft of Movement, Gives you 80ft of Darkvision (Character Sheets shows 200ft), Cannot be Charmed until you take a Long Rest.Tiefling - Tiefling Vice: Can cast Thaumaturgy, Hellish Rebuke, Burning Hands, and Flame Blade ONCE until your next Long Rest.Drow - Elven Elegance: Gain 10m/33ft of Movement, Gives you 80ft of Darkvision (Character Sheets shows 200ft), Cannot be Charmed until you take a Long Rest.Human - Human Versatility: Proficiency in ALL Skills until next Long Rest.Githyanki - Githyanki Providence: Allows you to CAST Misty Step, Blur, and Invigorate Leap ONCE until your next Long Rest.Dwarf - Dwarven Resilience: Adds your Prof Bonus to Saving Throws until you Succeed 3 OR take a Long Rest.Half-Elf - Half-Elven Healing: Upon consuming, heal yourself and surrounding allies equal to CONSUMERS Con SCORE. Doesn't state distance.Halfling - Halfling Luck: Advantage on ALL Skill Checks until next Long Rest.Gnome - Gnomish Ingenuity: Gain Sleight of Hand Prof, Can cast Knock until your next Long Rest.Dragonborn - Elixir of Dragonborn Prowess: [Insert Subrace Element].Half-Orc - Half-Orcish Fury: Next time you are Downed before your next Long Rest, return to 1hp.Potion of Everlasting Vigour.Subrace plays no role in this, except with Dragonborn  