Arnell Hallowleaf : Arnell Hallowleaf is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Arnell Hallowleaf can be found at The Chamber of Loss in the House of Grief. Arnell Hallowleaf is the father of Shadowheart whom she has since lost the memory of. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Arnell Hallowleaf : Can be found at: Act 3 The Chamber of Loss, House of Grief  

Arnell Hallowleaf Related Quests : Daughter of Darkness  

Arnell Hallowleaf Dialogue Options : Arnell Hallowleaf is one of the two prisoners inside the Chamber of Loss who become part of Shadowheart's trial is she is still aligned with Shar. Your interactions here will be recorded in your journals for the Daughter of Darkness. Shadowheart can also enter The House of Grief in search of them. Enter the Chamber of Loss within the House of Grief. Here, you will find Shadowheart's parents, Arnell Hallowleaf and Emmeline Hallowleaf. Approach them and a cutscene will begin.   After a cutscene of Shadowheart's parents, Shar, the goddess of Night and Darkness give her two choices. Let her parents die, or let them live but continue to suffer from the wound. You will be given the following dialogue: You have to choose, Shadowheart. Free your parents, or rid yourself of Shar's curse.She wants to kill your parents. Her idea of a parting gift.Talk to your mother and father. See what they wish.  Shadowheart will be torn. Her parents will ask that she let them go so she will be free. You should end their suffering, and yours.Do not lose your parents, not again. This pain can be handled. .This is your choice, Shadowheart. you don't need me to tell you what is right.Remain silent.  If you choose the second option, she will bring up the curse again.  [RELIGION] You have great fatiha and great resolve - all of you. Trust in that. You need not say goodbye here. .[PERSUASION] You can endure it together, as a family. This is what you've been looking for - don't deny yourself.  Make your decision and complete the Daughter of Darkness.  If you saved them, you will find them at the Campsite.  

Arnell Hallowleaf Stats : 

Arnell Hallowleaf General Information : Race: ???Health: ???AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Arnell Hallowleaf stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Arnell Hallowleaf Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Arnell Hallowleaf Notable Loot : ????

Arnell Hallowleaf Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  