Baelen Bonecloak : Baelen Bonecloak is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Baelen Bonecloak can be found in the Underdark. Baelen Bonecloak is the husband of Derryth Bonecloak. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.    

Where to find Baelen Bonecloak : Can be found at: Act 1.Underdark  

Baelen Bonecloak Quests : Find the Mushroom Picker  

Baelen Bonecloak Dialogue Options : Baelin is trapped in the northwest corner of Underdark, surrounded by Bibberbang. If you met his wife, Derryth Bonecloak, she will tell you about him and the journal updates for Find the Mushroom Picker will begin then. The plants in the area exhale poisons and explode when they sense vibrations. (You can give him Misty Step scroll to save him.)When you enter the line of sight of the dwarf he will open a dialog to explain the danger, but will express that he needs his bag. Hold tight, I'll find your bag.Hold up a scroll of Misty Step.This is your mess - figure it out yourself.  You may then show a Misty Step scroll if your party has one. If you are near the dwarf, you can hand it to him. If you are farther away, you can pass a strength roll (10) to throw it successfully to him. This will save him. Turn-based mode in concert with Dash is an easy solution for navigating this area, because you can run right past the mushrooms without triggering them, and as long as you end each turn far enough away from the mushrooms, you won't set them off. There is also a series of elevated cliffs on the left side that can be used to get past most (but not all) of the mushrooms. There's a noblestalk plant on the right side. If you trigger the Bibberbangs without extinguishing the torch in the back however, it will be destroyed. The dwarf requests that you get his backpack to him (or, you can give him a misty step scroll, and get the backpack later). The backpack contains a spell to make his escape easy. (You can use Mage Hand to get it, which won't trigger the Bibberbang) Once you saved the dwarf, he tells you that he must hurry, gives you a Scroll of Invisibility then leaves.  

Baelen Bonecloak Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  