Blurg : Blurg is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Blurg can be found at Underdark. Blurg There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Blurg Information: : Blurg is a Hobgoblin Trader who resides at the Myconid Village within the Underdark. He is a member of the Society Of Brilliance, an organisation aiming to improve conditions within the Underdark. He is friends with the Mindflayer Omeluum and will attempt to help the player Remove their Tadpole.  

 Blurg Sells The Following: : Not all items will be sold at the same time. Leveling up or completing a Long Rest will reset the shop and potentially show different items. Unique items will not refresh if previously purchased. Scroll of Burning Hands.Scroll of Detect Thoughts.Scroll of Flame Blade.Scroll of Ray of Enfeeblement.Scroll of Shocking Grasp.Scroll of Fire Bolt.Scroll of Lightning Bolt.Scroll of Evard's Black Tentacles.Scroll of Phantasmal Killer.Circlet of Blasting - Unique Item.Sunwalker's Gift - Unique Item.The Sapphire Spark - Unique Item.The Lifebringer - Unique Item.Supply Pack

Where to find Blurg : Can be found at: Act 1.Underdark, Myconid Village.Act 3 .The Lodge, Baldur's Gate Lower City (If you released Omeluum from Iron Throne)  

Blurg Quests : Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite  

Blurg Dialogue Options : When you interact with Blurg at first in the Underdark you can ask him about himself and then he will eventually ask what brought you down here. You can tell the truth or use Deception to say you collect mushrooms. You will eventually be interrupted by Omeluum. Your interactions here will be recorded in your journals for Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite.   a mind flayer, will come into the conversation as well asking if you would like to get your parasite removed. This will give you the following dialogue options. Yes. Absolutely.A mind flayer?! Die.An illithid is your friend? How is that possible?.Sorry, Omeluum. I'd rather not. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum ask to examine you. This will give you the following dialogue options. Relax and let Omeluum's mind search your own.Never mind. I'm done with mind flayers touching me. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum examine your mind with his, reveals to you that your parasite is different and is infused with strange magic. This will give you the following dialogue options. Can you extract the tadpole?.What happens if that stasis goes away? Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Omeluum cannot take out the parasite without great damage and trauma. This will give you the following dialogue options. That doesn't sound ideal.Don't waste my time. Say what you mean. Choosing dialogue 1 reveals that if Omeluum performed the extraction, you could die. But he is willing to perform another examination if you transform. This will give you the following dialogue options. Tell Omeluum about the strange mind flayer ship you were on.Thanks for the information.All that probing was useless in the end. Choosing dialogue 1 intrigues Omeluum, he talks about his time at the war ships. This gives you the remaining dialogue options. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Omeluum mention his idea on bypassing the stasis on the on parasite. This will give you the following dialogue options. Bypass? What kind of alchemy are we talking about?.Isn't the stasis why the tadpole hasn't killed me yet?.No, I'm done with all this. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum have you acquire a fresh tongue of madness and timmask spores for him, he explains that those items are rare and could be dangerous to acquire. This will give you the following dialogue options. Eating those doesn't sound like a great idea.Lovely. So where do I find these mushrooms?.That's too risky of an experiment for me. Count me out.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Blurg explain where you can find them, and who you can talk to for the items. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why would a cleric have a bunch of dangerous mushrooms?.Where does this Lenore live?.All right. I'll come back when I find the mushrooms.Good to know. I have other priorities right now.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Blurg tell you she was last seen in the southwest but has a tendency to move. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why would a cleric have a bunch of dangerous mushrooms?.All right. I'll come back when I find the mushrooms.Good to know. I have other priorities right now.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Omeluum dismiss you. Head down to the southwest until you reach the Arcane Tower, once you reach there, there will be turrets you will have to destroy, you will have to destroy them with lightning magic. Once thats complete, head to the back of the tower. You will see some Susser flowers, pick them up and it will create an anti magic field. Go through the door at the back of the tower, you will see a generator.  Put the susser flowers into the generator and start it up, this will light up the tower. Head upstairs to explore and pick up the mushrooms along the way. After picking the mushrooms, head back to Blurg and Omeluum, and interact with Omeluum, This will give you the following dialogue options. How did you escape your colony?.How do you survive? Don't you need  Brains?.Refresh my memory - what do you need for the potion?.I found those mushrooms you were looking for.There's no trusting a mind flayer. Attack.Leave. Choosing dialogue 4 will have Omeluum examines and prepares the potion. He tells you to drink the potion. This will give you the following dialogue options. Drink the potion.What exactly is this going to do to me?.I need some time to prepare. Choosing dialogue 1 will have you drink the entire bottle, Omeluum praises you for this. He tells you the precautions after drinking the potion. This will give you the following dialogue options. [SAVING THROW] Draw on your willpower and resist.[SAVING THROW] Focus on the present, not the illusions.Stare into the swirling abyss Choosing dialogue 3 makes you feel the parasite going deeper into your brain. This will give you the following dialogue options. [SAVING THROW] Drown out the tadpole by focusing on a tune.[SAVING THROW] Resist the panic from within.[SAVING THROW] Wall off your mind from the psionic seizure.Let the terror take you. Choosing dialogue 4 will cause the parasite to grow in power, it affects Omeluum as well, making him feel unsettled. This will give you the following dialogue options. I felt it grow inside me. There's more power than ever.That potion of yours could have killed me. The tadpole almost did the same.You were supposed to make it weaker, not stronger! Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Omeluum did not expect this outcome. This will give you the following dialogue options. So I went through all this and the tadpole's still lodged in my brain?.What's next? Cutting off my own head?.I supposed it's not all bad. More power is better than less. Choosing dialogue 1 reveals that Omeluum has another solution, but a temporary one. He continues to explain the Ring of Shielding that will limit the influence of the parasite. He further explains that the ring was a priceless gift and asks what you have to offer him in exchange. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why didn't you mention the ring before this potion debacle?.I have gold. Will that suit?.No, I want this power. Keep your ring.How about I tell you more about the nautiloid? Every last detail.[INTIMIDATE] Either give me the ring, or I'll run you through.Leave. You will need to pass the Intimidation Charisma Check of DC20, f you chose dialogue 5. If succeeded, Omeluum will give you the ring with nothing in exchange. This will gain the approval of Shadowheart. This ends Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite.  

Blurg Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  