Booyahg Piddle : Booyahg Piddle is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Booyahg Piddle can be found at Goblin Camp. Booyahg Piddle is doing something incredibly rare for goblins, reading a book.  There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Booyahg Piddle : Can be found at: Act 1 Goblin Camp, at the top of the tower located right from the main doors of the camp.  

Booyahg Piddle Related Quests : N/A  

Booyahg Piddle Dialogue Options : He can be found reading an excerpt of Volo's discoveries of the Absolute. You can convince him to hand the book over. If you manage to do so, and read the book, it will inspire any character that has the Sage background, such as Gale. When you approach this, he will ask about a phrase in the book.  It means 'smelly' and 'noisy.'.That's quite the compliment. It means you're extremely intelligent.  Choose option one and he will agree with you and say all the ruckus makes it hard to concentrate. Where did you find that?.Most goblins I've met aren't terribly interested in reading. You can carry on the conversation until he becomes impatient and show his authority. This is when your checks come in.  [ILLITHID] [WISDOM] You will give me the book.[INTIMIDATION] It'll be a very short lifetime if you don't hand me the manuscript.[PERSUASION] You should spend your time in prayer - not reading this nonsense.[DETECT THOUGHTS] Scan his mind.Leave. Use persuasion and pass the check and Shadowheart will approve. He will agree and give you the book. You will receive On Goblins: My Life Among the Conquering Host. You will be able to read the manuscript from your inventory if you wish to.   

Booyahg Piddle Stats : 

Booyahg Piddle General Information : Race: Goblin (Humanoid)Health: 13AC: 11Base speed: 9mSize: SmallWeight: 35kgAttitude: 0

Booyahg Piddle stats : Strength: 10Dexterity: 12Constitution: 10Intelligence: 12Wisdom: 8Charisma: 8 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: +1

Booyahg Piddle Passive Features : Darkvision: ??? Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Booyahg Piddle Notable Loot : ???

Booyahg Piddle Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  