Cave Bear : Cave Bear is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Cave Bear can be found at Shattered Sanctum. Cave Bear is a bear imprisoned in the Shattered Sanctum. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Cave Bear : Can be found at: Act 1 Shattered Sanctum  

Cave Bear Related Quests : Rescue the Druid Halsin  

Cave Bear Dialogue Options : The cave bear is encountered imprisoned in the Shattered Sanctum being harassed by 2 goblins. Interacting with them will start a cutscene where they throw rocks at the bear. You will have the following dialogue options. If you have the ability to speak to animals, you will be able to hear the bears thoughts. Your interaction here will lead to the events that are part of the journals for Rescue the Druid Halsin. Once you approach them, you have the following dialogue options: what the hells are you doing?.He's helpless. Let him go.Sharper stones might cut through all that fur.Turn away. Choosing dialogue 1 will have the goblins explain what the bear did to them, and wanting to torture it more. You will have the following dialogue options.  Go on, then. Keep at it.Leave him alone!.How about a taste of your own medicine?.[ILLITHID][WISDOM] Let him out. I'll take care of the beast. Choosing dialogue 3 will have the bear break open the cage doors and commence battle. You will have to pass the Wisdom skill check with a DC of 2 if you chose dialogue 4, if succeeded, they will listen to you and open the cage. You will have the following dialogue options. Attack the goblins.Charge the bear.Leave the bear to the goblins' mercy. Choosing dialogues 1 or 2 will commence in a battle against the goblins. Halsin will turn back to normal and speak with you. You will have the following dialogue options.  

Cave Bear Stats : 

Cave Bear General Information : Race: ???Health: ???AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Cave Bear stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Cave Bear Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Cave Bear Notable Loot : ????

Cave Bear Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  