Ch'r'ai W'wargaz : Inquisitor of Vlaakith Level 6 Githyanki Ch'r'ai W'wargaz is a Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3).  BG3 Ch'r'ai W'wargaz is a githyanki Inquisitor.   Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find Ch'r'ai W'wargaz in BG3 : Act 1 Mountain Pass Rosymorn Monastery Creche Y'llek .Rosymorn Monastery Creche Y'llek .Creche Y'llek  

BG3 Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Quests : Blood of Lathander.Discover the Artefact's Secrets.The Githyanki Warrior  

BG3 Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Dialogue Options : ???

BG3 Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Post-Mortem Dialogue Options (Speak with Dead) : Who are you? Was  Inquisitor  Now  Martyr .Was  Inquisitor  Now  Martyr.Why were you here? The Inquisition  To find  The artefact  The Astral Prism  .The Inquisition  To find  The artefact  The Astral Prism  What is inside the artefact? A secret Used by Gith To free us Of ghaik shackles  What is the secret? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .A secret Used by Gith To free us Of ghaik shackles  What is the secret? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .What is the secret? *The corpse remains silent. It does not know.* .*The corpse remains silent. It does not know.*.What will the githyanki do now? This world  Is sick  Only cure  Annihilation  .This world  Is sick  Only cure  Annihilation .What happened to you? Glorious combat  A powerful foe  .Glorious combat  A powerful foe .Where are you from? The god-corpse Tu'narath  Palace of Whispers  .The god-corpse Tu'narath  Palace of Whispers .Who is the Absolute? A front  Masking  The Grand Design  What is The Grand Design? Horror  True horror  All  Creation  Made ghaik  .A front  Masking  The Grand Design  What is The Grand Design? Horror  True horror  All  Creation  Made ghaik  .What is The Grand Design? Horror  True horror  All  Creation  Made ghaik  .Horror  True horror  All  Creation  Made ghaik 

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Boss Guide : 

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Boss Tips : Insert boss tips here.

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz General Information : Race: GithyankiHealth: 112AC: 17 Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude:

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Notable Features Features : Extra Attack Githyanki Parry Opportunity Attack Perfect Sentry Psionic Revenge Feature1: ??? Feature2: ??? Feature3: ???

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Abilities : Strength: 17Dexterity: 14Constitution: 15Intelligence: 18Wisdom: 16Charisma: 12 Proficiency Bonus: +3.Initiative: +2

Attacks & Spells : Mindsteal Link.Misty Step

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Resistances : Slashing: n/aPiercing: n/aBludgeoning: n/aFire: n/aLightning: n/aPsychic: n/aPoison: n/a

Ch'r'ai W'wargaz Rewards : Ch'r'ai W'wargaz 320XP Githyanki Greatsword, Chultan Fireswill, Potion of Angelic Slumber, Circlet of Psionic Revenge, Githyanki Half Plate, Grilled Pork Belly, Sourdough Bread .320XP.Githyanki Greatsword, Chultan Fireswill, Potion of Angelic Slumber, Circlet of Psionic Revenge, Githyanki Half Plate, Grilled Pork Belly, Sourdough Bread.Ardent Jhe'rezath 75XP, Githyanki Shortsword, Diadem of Arcane Synergy, Simple Robes, Honeyed Ham, Onion, Roughly-Cut Ham, Sourdough Bread, Waterdhavian Cheese Wedge .75XP, Githyanki Shortsword, Diadem of Arcane Synergy, Simple Robes, Honeyed Ham, Onion, Roughly-Cut Ham, Sourdough Bread, Waterdhavian Cheese Wedge.Ardent Qu'th 75XP, Githyanki Shortsword, Simple Robes .75XP, Githyanki Shortsword, Simple Robes.Raider Kyrr'a'ath 75XP, Githyanki Crossbow, Studded Leather Armour, Grilled Miniature Giant Space Hamster, Grilled Rothe Ribs, Silver Ingot .75XP, Githyanki Crossbow, Studded Leather Armour, Grilled Miniature Giant Space Hamster, Grilled Rothe Ribs, Silver Ingot.Warrior Brelal'reth 75XP, Githyanki Greatsword, Githyanki Half Plate, Polished Ring .75XP, Githyanki Greatsword, Githyanki Half Plate, Polished Ring.Miscellaneous Items Inside Boss Arena Confiscated Book Ink Pot and Quill Ink Pot Gloves of Belligerent Skies' Intelligence concerning the weapon Report on Moonrise Towers Known Locations of the Weapon 'Hshar'lak Voss' Silver Tray, Silver Glass Sylvan Stone, Hill Giant Finger, Wood Bark Elixir of Barkskin, Greater Elixir of Arcane Cultivation, Elixir of Poison Resistance, Elixir of Hill Giant Strength Necklace of Elemental Augmentation The Skinburster 128gold, Bronze Chalice Strange Conduit Ring Strange Chunk of Amber (Passive History Check), Hoarfrost Boots 101gold, Silver Ingot, Wizardsbane Oil, Elixir of the Colossus Potion of Invisibility, Potion of Mind Reading Scroll of Darkvision x2, Scroll of Protection from Evil and Good 50gold, Dark Ring 18gold, Scroll of False Life Statue 2x (Athletics Check) - Left Statue Facing Setting Sun (West) - Lathander bids the setting sun a fond farewell., Right Statue Facing Rising Sun, East - Lathander blesses the rising, bountiful sun - Unlocks secret passage to Daybreak Gate and Secret Stairway, 30XP, - Break Energy Source to disable barrier, Dawnbreaker Trap (DC 14), Side rock passage to your left, Second Energy Source on your right as your come around to the next room, 2nd Dawnbreaker trap (DC 14), third Energy Source down to your left underneath, Blood of Lathander (Passive History check) (4 turns to temple destruction, trapped inside magic barrier), 4x Lathander Solar Machines (30hp) - Misty Step/Dimension Door work to get you out of barrier. Destroy all four Solars to disable trap, otherwise escaping simply destroys what remains of the temple, smokepowder bombs (force damage) seem to be most effective (chunks ~50% HP) To unlock the barrier if in case you have no escape spells simply look around to the top left quadrant of the circle and shoot the 4th energy source hanging on the wall to the side of the platform youre standing on (Do NOT preemtptively destroy the source until you've triggered the trap!) instead of just grabbing the mace you can also interact witht he Crest Panel and insert Dawnmaster's Crest from the Relic Puzzle earlier before entering the Creche. .Confiscated Book.Ink Pot and Quill.Ink Pot.Gloves of Belligerent Skies'.Intelligence concerning the weapon.Report on Moonrise Towers.Known Locations of the Weapon.'Hshar'lak Voss'.Silver Tray, Silver Glass.Sylvan Stone, Hill Giant Finger, Wood Bark.Elixir of Barkskin, Greater Elixir of Arcane Cultivation, Elixir of Poison Resistance, Elixir of Hill Giant Strength.Necklace of Elemental Augmentation.The Skinburster.128gold, Bronze Chalice.Strange Conduit Ring.Strange Chunk of Amber (Passive History Check), Hoarfrost Boots.101gold, Silver Ingot, Wizardsbane Oil, Elixir of the Colossus.Potion of Invisibility, Potion of Mind Reading.Scroll of Darkvision x2, Scroll of Protection from Evil and Good.50gold, Dark Ring.18gold, Scroll of False Life.Statue 2x (Athletics Check) - Left Statue Facing Setting Sun (West) - Lathander bids the setting sun a fond farewell., Right Statue Facing Rising Sun, East - Lathander blesses the rising, bountiful sun - Unlocks secret passage to Daybreak Gate and Secret Stairway, 30XP, - Break Energy Source to disable barrier, Dawnbreaker Trap (DC 14), Side rock passage to your left, Second Energy Source on your right as your come around to the next room, 2nd Dawnbreaker trap (DC 14), third Energy Source down to your left underneath, Blood of Lathander (Passive History check) (4 turns to temple destruction, trapped inside magic barrier), 4x Lathander Solar Machines (30hp) - Misty Step/Dimension Door work to get you out of barrier. Destroy all four Solars to disable trap, otherwise escaping simply destroys what remains of the temple, smokepowder bombs (force damage) seem to be most effective (chunks ~50% HP).To unlock the barrier if in case you have no escape spells simply look around to the top left quadrant of the circle and shoot the 4th energy source hanging on the wall to the side of the platform youre standing on (Do NOT preemtptively destroy the source until you've triggered the trap!).instead of just grabbing the mace you can also interact witht he Crest Panel and insert Dawnmaster's Crest from the Relic Puzzle earlier before entering the Creche.

Notes and Tips : Fights alongside four other adds: - Ardent Jhe'rezath, Ardent Qu'th, Raider Kyrr'a'ath, and Warrior Brelal'reth.Ardent Jhe'rezath Misty Step Psychic Rend .Misty Step .Psychic Rend.Ardent Qu'th Misty Step Psychic Rend .Misty Step.Psychic Rend.Raider Kyrr'a'ath Misty Step Piercing Shot Rally Ranged Attack Trip Attack .Misty Step.Piercing Shot.Rally.Ranged Attack.Trip Attack.Warrior Brelal'reth Disarming Attack Githyanki Psionics: Jump Lacerate Pommel Strike .Disarming Attack.Githyanki Psionics: Jump.Lacerate.Pommel Strike.Notes and tips go here.??  