Dame Aylin : Dame Aylin is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Dame Aylin is also known as the Nightsong. She is the Daughter of the Moonmaiden, Selune; champion of her causes in this realm and the lover of Isobel. Players can interact with her if they choose to spare her during Shadowheart's questline in The Chosen of Shar and can potentially join your party. After freeing Nightsong from he Shadowfell prison, you can find her again at the Moonrise Towers. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Dame Aylin : Can be found at: Act 2 Gauntlet of Shar (Shadowfell).Moonrise Towers.Campsite  

Dame Aylin Related Quests : Daughter of Darkness.The Chosen of Shar.Find the Nightsong  

Dame Aylin Dialogue Options : You can speak to the Nightsong as Dame Aylin after sparing and freeing her during The Chosen of Shar. If you spared her, your next objective in Shadowheart's questline would be to defeat Ketheric Thorm. Dame Alyline: You have defeated Ketheric Thorm, yet you who were content to leave Dame Aylin in his thrall until it served you best. How do you account for it? I apologize. It was wrong of me to leave you in Ketheric's clutches.It was strategy - not personal.I'd do it again, if the whim struck me Say it was not personal and if you have Minthara with you, she will approve. However, Dame Aylin will state she will not forget her actions, but will continue to consider you an ally. She will further introduce herself and state that she will join your camp.  See you there.I don't think so. Our journey together ends here. No need to wait. I freed you so I could kill Ketheric, but I have no interest in an alliance.  Here, you can choose whether you want to proceed with her as an ally. If you agree, you will see her at Camp.    Speak to her again and she will ask her mother for forgiveness for you.   I am grateful for your understanding. .Where's the silver light, the moon-magic?.I'd have taken gold over a prayer. .Your mother is wrong, I'd send you to Ketheric again, if given the chance.  Eventually, you can ask her to tell Shadowheart about her history to further the Daughter of Darkness journals. You can also ask her to permanently join your camp.   

Dame Aylin Stats : 

Dame Aylin General Information : Race: AasimarHealth: 127AC: 18Base speed: ???Size: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Dame Aylin stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 10Constitution: 16Intelligence: 11Wisdom: 13Charisma: 17 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Dame Aylin Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Dame Aylin Notable Loot : ????

Dame Aylin Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  