Derryth Bonecloak : Derryth Bonecloak is an NPC and a merchant in Baldur's Gate 3. Derryth Bonecloak can be found at Underdark. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Derryth Bonecloak Information : Derryth Bonecloak is a Dwarven Trader currently residing within the Myconid Village within the Underdark. She is searching for Noblestalk mushrooms along with her partner Baelen so they can sell them in their shop in Baldur's Gate.  

Derryth Bonecloak Quests : Find the Mushroom Picker  

Where to find Derryth Bonecloak : Can be found at: Act 1 Underdark  

Derryth Bonecloak Sells the Following:  : Not all items will be sold at the same time. Leveling up or completing a Long Rest will reset the shop and potentially show different items. Unique items will not refresh if previously purchased. Potion of Animal Speaking.Potion of Fire Resistance.Potion of Greater Healing.Potion of Healing.Potion of Invisibility.Thieves' Tools.Trap Disarm Toolkit.Heavy Crossbow.Heavy Crossbow +1.Longbow.Longbow +1.Shortbow.Shortbow +1.Torch.Leather Helmet.Leather Armour.Tarnished Ring.Herbalist's Gloves - Unique Item.Acid Vial.Alchemist's Fire.Bomb.Glowcap Mushroom.Grease Bottle.Supply Pack  

Derryth Bonecloak Dialogue Options : You encounter Derryth in the Underdark and she will mention a Dwarf called Baelen, her husband. Your interactions here will be recorded in the journals for the Find the Mushroom Picker quest. When you respond, you have the following options: What are you doing down here?.Can you describe him?.Haven't seen him.[DECEPTION] Yes, I've met him.Show me your wares. .Leave. If you eventually offer to help Karlach will approve.  If return to her or continue to converse with her, she will tell you about their Shop, Bonecloak's, in Baldur's Gate. They collect noblestalk for a living which can cure most things. If you show her that you have some on hand and she will ask for it. If you choose to give it to her, Karlach will approve. Derryth will not give you anything in return.   

Derryth Bonecloak Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  