Dribbles the Clown : Dribbles the Clown is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Dribbles the Clown can be found at Circus of The Last Days. Dribbles the Clown __shortdescription__. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Dribbles the Clown : Can be found at: Act 3 Circus of The Last Days  

Dribbles the Clown Related Quests : Find Dribbles the Clown  

Dribbles the Clown Dialogue Options : Approach the nearby crowd. Doing so will pull you into a cutscene with Dribbles the Clown. After he makes his second joke, you'll get several dialogue choices: Simply watch.What a corny joke.BOO! GET OFF THE STAGE!.[BALDURIAN] Relax and enjoy the show - it's been forever since you've seen Dribbles perform.  If you choose the first or fourth choices, you'll simply let him make his jokes. Dribbles will then offer to show a magic trick and chooses you as his volunteer assistant. You can respond with the following (some choices may be dependent on your chosen Class: What are you going to do?.Approach the stage.I think my friend Shadowheart will make a far better assistant.Go on, Karlach, up you go.You love the spotlight, don't you, Astarion? Here's your big chance.[GREAT OLD ONE] [INSIGHT] Gaze through the clown with your patron's eldritch sight.I'm good. If you're a Warlock with the Great Old One and The Fiend as your patron and pick the sixth option, you'll roll a DC 25 Insight Check with Advantage. If you pass, you'll know that Dribbles isn't disguised magically, but he does have evil intent. You'll then have the following choice to make: Approach the stage warily, keeping an eye out.Cross your arms and glare.No.Attack. If you pick the first option, your character will make their way to the stage. Dribbles will then ask what makes you special. You can reply with the following: My courage: I do something even if it scares me.I treat everyone around me with kindness.My strength, of course. I won't let anything stand in my way.There's something unique about my  brain.[GREAT OLD ONE] I made an arrangement with an entity of unknowable age, form, and power.Attack. If you pick the third option, Astarion will approve. Dribbles will make a comment about the option you choose, then your character will roll an automatic Perception Check. If you succeed, you'll notice that Bitey Buddy is about to attack you. This is where combat will start. You'll be pitted against Dribbles, Bitey Buddy, Shadow-Whiskers, Crimson, Ryland, and Keren. Shadow-Whiskers will be able to create a duplicate of herself, and this duplicate will target the audience members. If you want the audience members to live, try to grab the attention of her duplicate and Dribbles the Clown while fighting.  After the fight, you can loot Fuum, previously Dribbles, for the Word from the Tribunal and Clown Hammer. Lucretious will also approach the area from her tent. She'll be upset that Dribbles turned out to be a doppelganger. You can respond with the following: An impersonation? Are you sure?.You just lost the star of your show - aren't you bothered?.I don't know, I enjoyed myself. Killing clowns is a rare treat. If you pick the first option, she'll eventually ask you to help her find Dribbles. Your set of dialogue choices will be: Let's talk payment. I'm expensive.I'll look for Dribbles.Dribbles is probably dead.I can't right now. The first option is a free on, to which she answers that she is willing to give something powerful in exchange for finding Dribbles. If you agree to help her, the Find Dribbles the Clown Quest will begin. 

Dribbles the Clown Stats : 

Dribbles the Clown General Information : Race: DoppelgangerHealth: 88AC: 16Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 75kg

Dribbles the Clown stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 18Constitution: 14Intelligence: 14Wisdom: 14Charisma: 14 Proficiency Bonus: +3 Initiative: 4

Dribbles the Clown Passive Features : Darkvision.Extra Attack.Grim Irony.Opportunity Attack None

Dribbles the Clown Notable Loot : Clown Hammer

Dribbles the Clown Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  