Duke Ravengard : Duke Ulder Ravengard is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Grand Duke Ulder Ravengard can be found in multiple Locations after he is abducted. Players will be tasked to look for him as they journey to Baldur's Gate. Grand Duke Ravengard is known as Wyll's father and the champion of Baldur's Gate. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Grand Duke Ravengard : Can be found at: Act 2 Moonrise Towers Act 3 Iron Throne  

Grand Duke Ravengard Related Quests : Rescue the Grand Duke.The Grand Duke.The Blade of Frontiers  

Grand Duke Ravengard Dialogue : If you manage to rescue Grand Duke Ravengard from the Iron Throne, you will be able to speak to him in the submersible. He will express a few emotions seeing Wyll.  Have a heart- your son is a hero. We saved lives here today, including your own.Grand Duke Ravengard, Glad to see you of your own mind. .You can work out your issues later. Go to our camp - the Absolute can't reach you there.  After this interaction, you will be able to speak with him again at the Campsite.   

Grand Duke Ravengard Appearances : If you search for the Duke in the Moonrise Towers, you may be able to see him briefly. Move through this location and you will only be able to see the Grand Duke from a cutscene when you enter the Mind Flayer Colony past the Barracks and the doors through the Necrotic Laboratory. Complete exploring Moonrise Towers as part of your Main Quests. You should be able to explore the area till you find the Necrotic Laboratory Flesh-Wrought Door. Once you enter, there will be a Neural Apparatus that you can interact with that will allow you to descend further.  Continue to the next Flesh-Wrought Door to trigger the cutscene. You will find the Grand Duke, Gortash, and Orin and Ketheric Thorm. As you witness the scene, your journals will be updated.   While you are in the city, you will need to progress through the Main Quests and get through Get Gortash's Netherstone. Until you witness his ceremony. You will find him by Gortash as he is crowned the new archduke. This will update the journals for Rescue the Grand Duke and The Grand Duke.   If you want to proceed with his rescue, speak to Mizora in the city and she will tell you that the Duke has been relocated. After this Interaction, take a rest at the camp when you are ready to trigger the next sequence. Mizora will eventually offer Wyll a deal. You will have two options: If the Grand Duke is alive, then she will reveal his location, but Wyll will pledge his soul to Mizora and the archdevil Zariel. (If the Grand Duke is dead at this point then Mizora will resurrect him.).The second option is to break his pact, but Wyll's father will die by his enemy's hand  

Should you break Wyll's Pact or save Wyll's Father?  : If you remain pacted, your next objective will be to Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison. .If you break the pact, your next objective is to Continue onward with Wyll. Counsellor Florrick or Cordula Eltan will later ambush the party, while accusing Wyll of killing the father so he could take the city. .Your choices here will also affect your journal updates for the Rescue the Grand Duke.Note: Before you make your choice, it is possible to break the pact and later on find a way to save his father if you find him alive at the Iron Throne.    If you chose to proceed to rescue him, you will find him next at the Iron Throne. To reach the Iron Throne, find your way into the Lower City then make your way to the Flymm Cargo. You may need to use Thieves' Tools to enter through the doors. This will begin a battle.  fter you've cleared the area, head to the basement. The Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.  There will be a door ahead to the Detention Block which will lead you to the Submersible that will take you to the Iron Throne. As you approach the submersible, someone may confront you-  Redhammer the Deviser. Once you can respond, you can tell him that you need to get to the Iron Throne. Your interaction with him will update Save the Gondians. You will be able to progress through both Save the Gondians and Rescue the Grand Duke. After you tell him where you are going, he will agree to take you in.  Note: You need to carefully select your team and spells before you reach the Iron Throne. Once you land on Iron Throne, you will have only 8 turns to extract as many prisoners as possible and Escape to the submersible to dock before the Throne collapses. Dimension Door and Teleportation Circle spells are very helpful, as well as the Potion of Speed. If you turned down Mizora's offer, she may appear once you free Duke Ravengard. Defeat her summoning, and don't let the explosion kill the duke. Continue to the Iron Throne. A cutscene will begin and the journals will update. When you arrive, a battle will begin. You will start your journey in the middle of the map. To locate Duke Ravengard, head directly east. His location is circled on the Map below. Save the other prisoners to complete Save the Gondians.  You will need to reach the Grand Duke then make your way back within the amount of turns you are given. Once you reach him, the next interaction will go about with one of two ways,  Mizora will either show up to help you or you will need to defeat her summoning and make it back to the dock. Once you have escaped Iron Throne, talk to Duke Ravengard. He is overcome with a lot of emotions regarding his son when he sees him. Have a heart- your son is a hero. We saved lives here today, including your own.Grand Duke Ravengard, Glad to see you of your own mind. .You can work out your issues later. Go to our camp - the Absolute can't reach you there.    If you manage to rescue him, you can find him at the Campsite when you return from the Iron Throne.  

Grand Duke Ravengard Stats : 

Grand Duke Ravengard General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 116AC: 21Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: ???Attitude: 0

Grand Duke Ravengard stats : Strength: 20Dexterity: 14Constitution: 19Intelligence: 11Wisdom: 10Charisma: 9 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Grand Duke Ravengard Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: non-magical Resistance.Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Grand Duke Ravengard Notable Loot : ????

Grand Duke Ravengard Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  