Edowin : n/a Edowin is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Edowin can be found on the path in the forest with his siblings, Andrick and Brynna. Edowin is lays dying when you see him. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.     

Where to find Edowin : Can be found at: Act 1.Forest  

Edowin Related Quests : n/a  

Edowin Dialogue Options : By the time you meet Edowin, he will be dying on the path with his siblings, Brynna and Andrick standing over him. You notice a glowing mark on her face Brynna's face. Brynna speaks mostly of the absolute and once Edowin reveals that you are a True Soul, she delightedly listens to what you have to ask of her. Brynna Forest Dialogue Outcomes:  If you tell her that you are a survivor of the crash, both Brynna and Andrick will attack you and you will engage in combat. .If you tell them to avenge their brother, they will run off to hunt down the Owlbear nest and be killed. .Alternatively, if you fight the Owlbear with them, they will continue to take your lead after combat. .Ask about the fugitives and eventually, you can tell them to forget about the Owlbear and go. They will run off and honour his sacrifice.  Dialogue choices:  Freeze and hold up your hands.What happened to your friend? .[MEDICINE] His wound look deep. I might be able to help. .[ILLITHID] [WISDOM] I will go where I wish.  If you go with option 1, they will discuss what to do with you until Edowin interrupts. Go with the other options and fail the check and Edowin will react the same way.  Try to block him out.Hold his stare.Move away, reaching for your weapon. Hold his stare and you'll hear him. He will announce that you are a True Soul before he passes.  A crude summer. You have more to learn of our faith, novice. .You're mistaken - I'm no True Soul. .Perhaps you can help me. I'm looking for the druid Halsin. .Why are you out here? The wilderness is dangerous.What happened to your brother exactly?  They will answer and you'll have another dialogue set:  A crude summary. You have more to learn of our faith, novice. .These fugitives - tell me more.I'm a survivor of that crash. Looks like you found me.What happened to your brother exactly. .Leave. Eventually, you will also have the option to tell them to avenge their brother. If you choose this option, they will listen to you and leave. They will  If you tell them you're a survivor, they will engage in combat.Ask about the fugitives and you can tell them to run. .Ask them to eventually avenge their brother when the dialogue presents itself and you can join them in battle.    

Edowin Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  