Elder Brithvar : Level 5 Elder Brithvar is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Elder Brithvar can be found at Grymforge. He is a Duergar that has a grudge against True Soul Nere for some gold. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on   

Elder Brithvar General Information : Race: DuergarHealth: 36AC: 16Base speed: 8mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0  

Elder Brithvar stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 12Constitution: 14Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 12Charisma: 12 Proficiency Bonus: +3 Initiative: +1  

Elder Brithvar Passive Features : Superior Darkvision: You can see in the dark up to 24m.Dwarven Resilience: You have advantage on saving throws against Poison, and you have resistance against Poison damage.Duergar Resilience: You have advantage on saving throws against illusions, and being charmed or paralyzed.Sunlight Sensitivity: While in sunlight, this creature has Disadvantage on attack rolls and Perception checks that rely on sight.Extra Attack: Can make an additional free attack after making a main hand attack.    Poison: Resistant

Elder Brithvar Information: : Elder Brithvar is a Duergar that is angry towards True Soul Nere because of some unpaid wages. .Alongside his partner, Elder Brithvar proposes the player to strike a deal.  

Where to find Elder Brithvar : Can be found at: Act 1 Grymforge  

Elder Brithvar Quests : Blind the Absolute.Find Explosives.Free True Soul Nere.Save the Grymforge Gnomes  

Elder Brithvar Dialogue Options : When first approached, Elder Brithvar is discussing with his associate Stone Guard Kur regarding how to free True Soul Nere and unpaid wages. Players can convince Elder Brithvar that they are not in Nere's side, this will lead Brithvar to propose a deal to bring the Drow down. If players accept, he will also ask them to first destroy the Scrying Eye that is moving through the Duergar camp. Once Nere is freed, Brithvar will reclaim to the Drow the unpaid wages and players can make their final choice regarding the Duergar. Either to side with Nere or to side with Elder Brithvar and the rebels, by doing so, he and his crew will fight alongside you during this fight. If you sided with him, and he survives, you can convince him to release the Deep Gnomes for the Save the Grymforge Gnomes quest. If he didn't survive, another Duergar will take his place regarding what to do with the Deep Gnomes.  

Elder Brithvar Notable Loot : Elder Brithvar drops the following important items when killed: Deep Delver.Basic Poison  

Elder Brithvar Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  