Ferg Drogher : Ferg Drogher is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Ferg Drogher can be found in Rivington, Baldur's Gate. Ferg Drogher is a Sharran from Shadowheart's cloister. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Ferg Drogher : Can be found at: Act 3 Rivington  

Ferg Drogher Related Quests : Daughter of Darkness  

Ferg Drogher Dialogue Options : When you first arrive at Rivington in Act 3, you can look for Ferg Drogher (X:45; Y:-102) as part of the Daughter of Darkness. He will be just southeast of Arfur's Mansion standing by a stall. Speak to him so Shadowheart can learn that her parents are kept prisoners at House of Grief. Depending on Shadowheart's standing with Shar, your dialogue will vary.  If Shadowheart turned away from Shar, he will mention he has lost a bet seeing Shadowheart there. Our hearts bleed for you. Get to the point.You're a Sharran, aren't you? From Shadowheart's cloister. .Remain Silent. He will proceed to express his disgust for Shadowheart upon learning about her loyalty. Use your shared connection. Urge Shadowheart to lie.Reach out to her psionically. She should plead contrition, for now. .She has turned her back on your wretched goddess.Let Shadowheart handle it.  If you let Shadowheart handle it, she will mention her parents and urge him to reveal their location. Ferg will continue to say that he will report her, but will give you a heading: House of Grief in the Lower City.   

Ferg Drogher Stats : 

Ferg Drogher General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 6AC: 11Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Ferg Drogher stats : Strength: 10Dexterity: 10Constitution: 10Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 10Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: +3

Ferg Drogher Passive Features : -- --

Ferg Drogher Notable Loot : Ringless Gem (Can be combined with Gemless Ring to create Tarnished Ring).Cold Snap.Dwarven Thrower.Hellrider Longbow

Ferg Drogher Notes and Tips : .Notes & Tips  