Gimblebock : Gnome level 2 Gimblebock is an NPC and a potential Enemy in Baldur's Gate 3.  Gimblebock can be found at the Chapel Entrance behind the statue. A High Elf named Taman is arguing with him. He is seemingly the leader of a grave robbing band, consisting of nine other members (Taman, Quelenna, Warryn, Andorn, Torgga, Haseid, Barton, Mari, and Cefrey). They are currently in the process of looting the Dank Crypt but aren't having much success. As you approach, you can hear him mention that while they are trying to enter the Dank Crypt, "Mari and Barton have been trying to break in for days." If you choose a peaceful option, he does not appear later in the game. Gimblebock appears to exist as a tutorial situation for the player.   

Where to find Gimblebock : Can be found at: Act 1 Ravaged Beach  

Related Quests : Explore the Ruins  

Gimblebock Dialogue Options : As you continue on your main quest, till you progress through Explore the Ruins, you'll encounter a Gnome (Gimblebock) at the Chapel Entrance arguing with a High Half-Elf (Taman) (X:286 Y:339). You will find them mid-conversation until they spot you and you will be given a few options to respond when he said that's their ship.  Note: These responses may vary based on your character.  I mean no harm - I'm just looking around.[PERSUASION] That ship is full of monsters. I wouldn't go near it.[DECEPTION] I think that ship's an invasion force. Run while you can!.[INTIMIDATION] The only thing you own is your life. Leave before I take that, too.Attack. Other known available Responses: [STRENGTH] I don't want to hurt you, but provoke me, and I'll keep stabbing long after you're dead.[DARK URGE] I am not a competition. I am annihilation. .[WARLOCK] That ship's full of poisonous vapours. Probably demonic. I'd stay away.[BARBARIAN] [INTIMIDATION] Not yours- mine. Leave now.[BESERKER] [INTIMIDATION] MINE.[PALADIN] [INTIMIDATION] Selfish cur - there might be survivors, yet you think only of loot. Leave before I make you leave. .[MONK] [INSIGHT] Your loud words hide fear, confusion. Looting that ship will bring you no peace.[ASTARION ONLY] [INTIMIDATION] Just grin, baring your fangs.[GITHYANKI] That is my kin's prize, not yours.   When choosing a response. Most successful responses that avoid a Combat interaction with Gimblebock will gain the approval of Gale and Shadowheart. Passing the Persuasion check will result in Gimblebock backing off and leaving. Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.Choosing to undergo the Intimidation check and passing will result in Gimblebock backing off. Gale and Shadowheart will approve of this response.Passing the Deception check, will result in Gimblebock backing away from the site. Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Warlock, choosing the WARLOCK option will make the two leave, and Shadowheart will approve of this decision.With Strength available, having a successful Strength dice roll will give you the same results as responding with Intimidation, Gimblebock will back away and leave you alone. Both Gale & Shadowheart will approve of this response. Karlach will disapprove.As a Berserker, a successful Intimidation check will drive Gimblebock away, Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Paladin, a successful Intimidation check will drive Gimblebock away and Gale, Shadowheart and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Monk, a successful Insight check will drive Gimblebock away, and Gale, Shadowheart and Wyll will approve of this response. Karlach will disapprove.As Astarion, a successful Intimidation check will drive Gimblebock away, and Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.Choosing the Githyanki option will result in Combat.Choose Attack to engage in Combat, and Lae'zel, Astarion, Wyll, and Karlach will approve of this decision.  

Gimblebock Stats : 

General Information : Race:  GnomeHealth: 14 || 20 || 26AC: 14Base speed: 7.5mSize: SmallWeight: 35kgAttitude: --

Stats : Strength: 15Dexterity: 11Constitution: 15Intelligence: 12Wisdom: 10Charisma: 13 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: -

Passive Features : Darkvision.Gnome Cunning.Opportunity.Shortened Stride Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Notable Loot : Experience: 25xp.Longsword.Scale Armor.Random Gem.Gold

Gimblebock Notes and Tips : There is a large stone block hanging above Taman and Gimblebock. This can be shot down with an arrow or projectile to instantly kill both of them.It's arguably better to attack Gimblebock, as on top of more exp (70exp), you also get loot, as you won't run into this group again. The only benefit to resolving peacefully is 50 exp.If you resolve the conflict peacefully with Lae'zel in the party, she'll comment: "It would have been quicker to kill them.".If you resolve the conflict peacefully with Shadowheart in the party, she'll comment; "You're more cunning than you look. I thought we had a fight on our hands.".Resolving the interaction peacefully will lead to Gale, Shadowheart and Wyll approving.Resolving the interaction with violence will lead to Lae'zel, Astarion and Karlach approving.  