Glut : Sovereign Glut is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Sovereign Glut can be found at Underdark. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.    

Where to find Sovereign Glut : Can be found at: Act 1 Underdark.Myconid grotto lower side near waterfall  

Sovereign Glut Quests : Avenge Glut's Circle  

Sovereign Glut Dialogue Options : You encounter Sovereign Glut in the Underdark. Your interactions with him will be recorded in the journals for Avenge Glut's Circle. If you choose to complete his quest, he will want to see the bodies. However, as soon as Glut sees the body he's dissatisfied and wishes to take Spaw's circle. Glut is blinded by his hunger for power and wishes to devour the colony whole. If you take Glut's side you will need to return to the colony and kill everyone including Spaw.Alternatively, you can also take Glut to Spaw and talk to the ruler of the Myconid Circle. You can then choose to announce that you will depose Spaw in favor of Glut. Then if you kill only Spaw without hurting anyone else, Glut take control of the colony and you don't have to kill anyone else. If you take Glut's side you will receive Featherlight Boots and Ring of Fire as rewards. Glut is a sovereign without a circle and he wishes to claim his power back. If you choose the second option, Glut will respond with its own picture of his own home. He will continue to tell you that duergar destroyed his people, and left without a circle. He wishes to join you to help cleans the Duergar rot. He offers to raise the dead and you will have command of it. You can respond with one of the options below: Are you sure? It's going to be dangerous.Join me? That depends- can you make yourself useful?.Very well- you may join me.I don't need your help.I'm not traveling with some overgrown mushroom.Leave. If you accept his help, then you will be given a new quest which is Avenge Glut's Circle. After agreeing to help Sovereign Glut, you will now go to seek the Duergar threatening the peace of the Myconid Colony.  Following this walkthrough, we will keep our word to Sovereign Glut and Thulla. You can now return to the Myconid Colony and inform Glut that the Duergar has been taken care of. He demands to see the bodies, and you can walk back to the area to show him. You can invite him to your party as one of the options.   Once he sees the bodies he wants you to take a side and choose to protect the poltroon.  Make it worth my while.Why not. Spaw's time is done.I'll have no part of this. If you're so eager for blood, Glut, then let me give it to you. If you choose dialogue option 1 or 3, Astarion will approve. Siding against Glut will result in combat. This will also complete Avenge Glut's Circle.  

Sovereign Glut Notes and Tips : If you part ways with Sovereign Glut at any point before completing his questline he will be in the Myconid circle near the waterfall, beneath the sovereigns platform.Sovereign Glut can make spore 'undead' followers. Using that ability on dead hook horrors or the Bulette, for example, can really make the duergar quest and other explorations way easier. If Sovereign Glut dies while having a spore servant, the servant will turn to passive/neutral.(tested while having the bulette)  