Helsik : Helsik is an NPC/Trader in Baldur's Gate 3. Helsik can be found at Devil's Fee in Baldur's Gate. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Helsik : Can be found at: Act 3 Devil's Fee Note: Helsik has a special aura called Infectious Greed (The affected entity's attacks deal an additional 6d6 Piercing damage in the presence of Helsik. Additionally, it has Advantage on Attack Rolls against targets marked by Promise of Wealth). If you befriend Helsik by giving her items/golds you can benefit from this, you can even knock her out and carry her for the aura.    

Helsik Related Quests : House of Hope.Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik  

Helsik Stats : 

Helsik General Information : Race: Gold DwarfHealth: 96 (Balanced)AC: 12Base speed: 7.5 mSize: MediumWeight: 75 kgAttitude: 0

Helsik stats : Strength: 14Dexterity: 14Constitution: 16Intelligence: 18Wisdom: 16 Charisma: 18 Proficiency Bonus: +4, Wisdom Saving Throws +7, Charisma Saving Throws +8  Initiative: +2

Helsik Passive Features : Agonizing Blast.Dark One's Own Luck.Darkvision.Devil's Sight.Infectious Greed Radiance: Fiendish Resilience: RadiantPoison: Dwarven Resilience

Helsik Notable Items : Spellseeking Gloves.Gibus of the Worshipful Servant.Hellbeard Halberd.Gemini Gloves.Cloak of The Weave.Shapeshifter Hat

Helsik Notes and Tips : Helsik has a special aura called Infectious Greed (The affected entity's attacks deal an additional 6d6 Piercing damage in the presence of Helsik. Additionally, it has Advantage on Attack Rolls against targets marked by Promise of Wealth). If you befriend Helsik by giving her items/golds you can benefit from this, you can even knock her out and carry her for the aura.Note that if you are caught thieving from her at any point, you will face Helsik, two gilded minotaur, and six gilded imps (May be more on Tactician).  