Herdmaster Skarjall : Level 5 Herdmaster Skarjall is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Herdmaster Skarjall can be found at Grymforge. Herdmaster Skarjall is abusing a pair of Deep Rothe, to remove the rubble blocking the path.  There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Herdmaster Skarjall : Can be found at: Act 1 Grymforge  

Herdmaster Skarjall Related Quests : The Adamantine Forge  

Herdmaster Skarjall Dialogue Options : He is abusing an agitated Deep Rothe into work. When interacting with him, he is evasive about what he is actually removing the rubble for, but after a few questions, players can learn that he is looking for the Adamantine Forge. If players accept to help him, and actually do it, he will turn on them once the rubble is removed.  His group doesn't drop any special item. 

Herdmaster Skarjall Stats : 

Herdmaster Skarjall General Information : Race: DuergarHealth: 36AC: 17Base speed: 8mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0

Herdmaster Skarjall stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 12Constitution: 14Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 12Charisma: 12 Proficiency Bonus: +3 Initiative: +1

Herdmaster Skarjall Passive Features : Superior Darkvision: You can see in the dark up to 24m.Dwarven Resilience: You have advantage on saving throws against Poison, and you have resistance against Poison damage.Duergar Resilience: You have advantage on saving throws against illusions, and being charmed or paralyzed.Sunlight Sensitivity: While in sunlight, this creature has Disadvantage on attack rolls and Perception checks that rely on sight.Extra Attack: Can make an additional free attack after making a main hand attack. Poison: Resistant

Herdmaster Skarjall Notable Loot : Potion of Healing.Whipping Cane.Scale Mail.x21 Gold.Adamantine Slag

Herdmaster Skarjall Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  