Injured Mind Flayer : Injured Mind Flayer is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Injured Mind Flayer can be found at the Ravaged Beach. Injured Mind Flayer is a dying monster begging for his life, it uses its psionic powers to persuade a group of people to help it. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Injured Mind Flayer : Can be found at: Act 1 Ravaged Beach  

Injured Mind Flayer Related Quests : N/A  

Injured Mind Flayer Dialogue Options : At first, you will speak with the Stranded Fishers nearly to the creature. You can offer to help, and the man will tell you that he believes the monster to be his daughter. You can try to use a persuasion roll to convince them the Mind Flayer is clouding their minds. Depending on which path you choose, the spoilers are in the tag below.After you finished speaking with Stranded Fishers, you can interact with the creature. The Injured Mind Flayer will try to manipulate your mind the same way it did with the others. This interaction leads you to decide between two different paths. The Injured Mind Flayer can be found at the crash site at the Ravaged Beach (X:180 Y:325). Interact with the Mind Flayer to play a cutscene with the Narrator stating that you feel compassion towards it. You will then be presented with a few options:   Give in to the emotion.This isn't right . Step away.No. You should be furious  shouldn't you? Option 1: You eventually realize the the creature starts to attempt to bend your mind until it loses focus. Choosing the first option will give you two more options to choose from.Option 2: Choosing option 2 to step away will make you realize that you cannot step away and will give you the same two choices as option 1.  [INTELLIGENCE] Concentrate on its thoughts.Take advantage of the lapse - break free. Choose to break free, and the narration will end here, allowing you to walk away. .If you choose Intelligence and succeed the skill check will reveal that you can offer yourself to the mind flayer for sustenance, this will give you another two dialogue options: Submit to the feeling - lean in, as for a kiss .[WISDOM] Resist the intrusion with everything you have. Choosing the first option will follow with the narration: "Warm, wet tentacles warp themselves around your head, and for the first time in your life you're perfectly happy. This will allow your character to fully submit to the Mind Flayer, weakening you and allowing it to stand. A battle will commence with your Companions against the now Weakened Mind Flayer.Choosing the second option,Wisdom and succeeding the skill check will prevent you to give yourself in. Now you notice the mind flayer exhausted and its eyes radiate with malice. You now have two options to choose from: Close those eyes forever.Leave it to die - slowly. Choosing the first option will make your character stomp the mind flayer's head and kill it. You can then loot its corpse for some items. .Choosing the second option will end the cutscene, allowing you to leave as it is dying.    If the Injured Mind Flayer subjugates your mind, you will immediately die, and starts a fight with the other companions.If you are successful through Intelligence and Wisdom, it will lose its control over you. This allows the option to kill it or leave it alone to die slowly, with both allowing the Mind Flayer to die. .Additionally, there is a simpler third option; skipping the interaction and attacking before interacting to execute it.   

Injured Mind Flayer Stats : 

Injured Mind Flayer General Information : Race: Mind Flayer (Aberration)Health: 3/71AC: 13Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0

Injured Mind Flayer stats : Strength: 11Dexterity: 12Constitution: 12Intelligence: 19Wisdom: 17Charisma: 17 Proficiency Bonus: +3 Initiative: +1

Injured Mind Flayer Conditions : Dying.Weakened Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Injured Mind Flayer Notable Loot : Caustic Bulb.Spiked Bulb.Potion of Healing

Injured Mind Flayer Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  