Jaheira : Jaheira is a potential Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment. Some of the companions can also be selected in the Character Creation screen, allowing players to play from their point of view. Jaheira is not available as an Origin character, but rather as a party member.   This city is a blight on the landscape. Better to have let the land grow wild. Jaheira can be found at Last Light Inn in Act 2. She will initially serve as an NPC but, depending on player choices, join the party as a companion. During the assault on Moonrise Towers, Jaheira will lead the Harper charge on the main building. Once the first floor is cleared, players can ask her to join them in the fight against Ketheric Thorm. She will help during the initial fight atop Moonrise Towers, and can be further persuaded to join the final confrontation against Thorm inside the nautiloid. Once the fighting is over, players can ask her to join them permanently as a companion.      

Where to find Jaheira in BG3 : Jaheira can be found at Last Light Inn in Act 2. She will initially serve as an NPC but, depending on player choices, join the party as a companion. During the assault on Moonrise Towers, Jaheira will lead the Harper charge on the main building. Once the first floor is cleared, players can ask her to join them in the fight against Ketheric Thorm. She will help during the initial fight atop Moonrise Towers, and can be further persuaded to join the final confrontation against Thorm inside the nautiloid. Once the fighting is over, players can ask her to join them permanently as a companion.   

Jaheira's BG3 Starting Equipment : Leather Armour.Leather Gloves.Jaheira's Boots.Sylvan Scimitar.Scimitar +1.Jaheira's Respectable Clothes (Clothing).Tasteful Boots (Clothing).Jaheira's Underwear (Clothing)

BG3 Jaheira's Starting Skill Proficiencies : Athletics.Nature.Animal Handling.Intimidation

BG3 Jaheira Video Guide : To be added  

BG3 Jaheira Quest Walkthrough : Infiltrate Moonrise Towers.The High Harper  

Jaheira Romance Guide for BG3 : Jaheira is one of the few Companions in the game who are not romanceable.  

Jaheira Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Jaheira, you will have to get her approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Jaheira Tips and Notes : A returning character from BG1, BG2, and TOB. .You can find her home in Lower City, Baldur's Gate.Jaheira's gear is hidden in her basement. (Insert Harp-Shaped Pin to reveal the entrance. The pin can be found on the 2nd floor of this building.) (Find the key under loose Planks) (Jaheira's gear is hidden behind the bookcase. Staff of the Ram, Belm and Khalid's Gift)   