Karlach : Karlach is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Karlach is found in The Risen Road, past the Blighted Village. She is a Zariel Tiefling Barbarian. See Hunt the Devil for Karlach's personal questline. Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment, but you can change their classes via Respec in camp. Companions can also be selected as an Origin in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view.   I was a prisoner, forced to fight in the Blood War. The eternal battle between bad and worse. Karlach can be found in The Risen Road. Make your way through the Blighted Village, past the Gnome that is tied to the windmill, and jump across the gap in the bridge. Head down the road to your right, fight your way through the Hyenas and Gnolls, and continue down to the river where you will see blood on the ground and Karlach resting on the opposite side of the river.   EARLY KARLACH SHORTCUT FROM EMERALD/DRUID GROVE  In Act I, Go to Zevlor's room named the Secluded Chamber, from there use the ladder going up where you will find a Tiefling Zentry and overlooking the Risen Road area. When you reach the cliff facing the Risen Road, to your right you will find a climable slope and at the top is a chest containing some items. Once you find the chest. In this Area, you can jump down to Karlach's area directly below and you can most likely see her at this point. Either get a character or characters that can survive the fall or if you have the Feather Fall spell, use it to negate Fall damage. You will land directly to the riverbank where Karlach is wounded and recruit her. After in which you can teleport back to druid's grove if you so wish. Easier way is to head to Scratch then to the log north-east. You will see river next to it. If you come to the edge, you will be able to jump onto the rock in the middle and then to the other side of the river. Next simply follow the river east, till you see blood on the ground, which will lead you to Karlach.     

Where to find Karlach in BG3 : Karlach can be found in The Risen Road. Make your way through the Blighted Village, past the Gnome that is tied to the windmill, and jump across the gap in the bridge. Head down the road to your right, fight your way through the Hyenas and Gnolls, and continue down to the river where you will see blood on the ground and Karlach resting on the opposite side of the river.   EARLY KARLACH SHORTCUT FROM EMERALD/DRUID GROVE  In Act I, Go to Zevlor's room named the Secluded Chamber, from there use the ladder going up where you will find a Tiefling Zentry and overlooking the Risen Road area. When you reach the cliff facing the Risen Road, to your right you will find a climable slope and at the top is a chest containing some items. Once you find the chest. In this Area, you can jump down to Karlach's area directly below and you can most likely see her at this point. Either get a character or characters that can survive the fall or if you have the Feather Fall spell, use it to negate Fall damage. You will land directly to the riverbank where Karlach is wounded and recruit her. After in which you can teleport back to druid's grove if you so wish. Easier way is to head to Scratch then to the log north-east. You will see river next to it. If you come to the edge, you will be able to jump onto the rock in the middle and then to the other side of the river. Next simply follow the river east, till you see blood on the ground, which will lead you to Karlach.

Karlach's BG3 Starting Equipment : Armour.Boots.Greataxe.Crossbow  

Karlach's BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : Athletics.Perception.Survival.Intimidation

BG3 Karlach Video Guide : BG3 Karlach Build Guide  

BG3 Karlach Quest Walkthrough : To complete Karlach's questline, you'll first have to recruit her into your party. This can be done by exploring the Risen Road area, past the Blighted Village. Recruiting her will begin the quest: Hunt the Devil   WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED  

How to Romance Karlach in BG3 : In this Karlach Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Karlach's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with her. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game. Gaining Karlach's approval centers around being forthcoming and somewhat heroic - showing compassion toward the wronged and almost uncompromising good. This might put decisions that will gain her approval at odds with other Companions like Shadowheart and Lae'Zel. Additionally, her background (as someone who just escaped the Hells) attunes her towards outgoing people who take actions that express their love of life. As with all the Companions, whenever you can talk to Karlach, always scour the dialogue options for any new options, again still following the general guidelines above, where she'll slowly open up to you about things that will help you deepen your bond with her further and further. Karlach is one of the easier Companions to create a bond with as she is not too closed off or secretive. Part of this dynamic will be the fact that anyone she touches gets burned, which will have her yearning for your physical affection when you start being open about your feelings toward one another. She'll be sincere and upfront with her affection for you, so you only need to be the same.  

BG3 Karlach Romance Guide Act I : Your relationship with Karlach can officially begin during Act I even before the Quest Save the Refugees, unlike how it was in Early Access. Keeping the general guidelines in mind above, and eventually getting her approval high enough, players may approach her at the camp for a talk. At this point, your approval rating with her should be High so try to explore and do a lot of other things before tackling the Quest for more chances to get your approval up, if it's still lacking at this point. One surefire way to increase affection with her is to follow her Companion Quest. This entails finding Infernal Iron and bringing it to the Tiefling Dammon. Eventually, this will let you speak to her at camp and offer to have an idea to help with her little fire problem. Afterward, use any Spell or Action that creates ice or water and direct it at Karlach. You can also do the same thing with a water barrel or anything similar you can interact with. Talk to her again and choose to test things out with a kiss. It's important to note that while it might not be a certainty, this might count as an attempt at romance already, and so while your relationship hasn't officially started by any means, it might lock you out of pursuing other Companions. To romance Karlach, players only need to be forward with wanting to spend more time with her. As mentioned previously, she will have no pretense about responding to your affections. Choose the appropriate responses to flirt with her and hint at wanting to risk the pain to be able to touch her. Afterward, head to your bedroll and interact with it to see that you have a choice to go to bed alone or to think of Karlach. By clicking on Karlach, players share a moment with her right there on their bunk. You'll try and share a more prolonged intimate moment together before she'll stop you for fear of hurting you further. As previously mentioned, just keep being forward with her about your feelings, and don't be afraid to express your affection to officially start your tense, yearning relationship with her. After you move forward with her Companion Quest a little bit by   

BG3 Karlach Romance Guide Act II : Act II will eventually allow you to progress further with the Companion Quest. For this to work, make sure to spare Nightsong during the events at the Gauntlet of Shar, as Dammon is one of the NPCs who will get affected by the consequences of letting her die, which can prevent you from bringing him Infernal Iron to help Karlach out. Assuming he's fine, in accordance with your actions, Dammon will also be in the Shadow-Cursed lands, which is where you'll also find the infernal items for Karlach. Bringing him one will help Karlach out with her physical condition. After bringing an Infernal Iron to him enough times, he'll finally be able to make it so that Karlach will be able to touch people. Afterward, all you'll have to do is rest at camp, as Karlach will be yearning for another intimate moment with you, this time going all the way. Try not to get too excited when you talk to Dammon before he creates the new upgrade so you don't miss out on the important status of Karlach's condition. Otherwise though, and as you've surely been since starting your relationship, you can remain as upfront as you'd like to be without fearing for any disapproval or negative outcome.   

BG3 Karlach Romance Guide Act III : To be updated when more information is available.  

Karlach Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Karlach, you will have to get her approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Karlach Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Karlach has an Outlander background, so her inspiration boosts are:   Walking on Air (Successfully use a fairy ring)  Mushroom Enthusiast (Destroy each kind of hazardous Underdark mushroom).A Noble Endeavour (Effectively use a noblestalk mushroom).Child's Play (Beat Oliver at hide and seek without alerting the shadow creatures).Embracing the Environment (Survive two rounds of the shadow curse).Sleeping in the Dark (Take a full Long Rest in the Shadow-Cursed Lands).Bumps in the Dark (Conquer three combat encounters in the Shadow-Cursed Lands).Tools of the Trade (Obtain the orthon's crossbow)    

All Karlach Endings in Baldur's Gate 3 : 

Karlach becomes the Mind Flayer that kills the Netherbrain and Survives : Free Orpheus.Entrust the Netherstones to Orpheus Free Orpheus.Reject the offer of The Emperor to work together.Choose the dialogue options below that will prompt Karlach to do it instead of you

Karlach becomes the Mind Flayer and You Betray Her (The Dark Urge) : Free Orpheus.Entrust the Netherstones to Orpheus.Betray Karlach during the final battle.Must have The Dark Urge origin Free Orpheus.Reject the offer of The Emperor to work together.Choose the dialogue options below that will prompt Karlach to do it instead of you.As Karlach resists the Netherbrain's temptation, attack her.Claim the throne in Bhaal's name

Karlach Tips and Notes : Karlach wishes to get revenge on the one who sold her into infernal slavery.She specifically mentions the fallen Solar current Archdevil Zariel. Zariel is the main antagonist of the DND adventure, Baldur's Gate: Descent into Avernus which also counts as a prequel to Baldur's Gate 3 as the Tiefling Refugees heading to Baldur's Gate is a direct effect of the Events of Descent into Avernus.Karlach has gone through multiple design changes over the years of early access. Each update she gets bigger.Previously known as an NPC but has been confirmed as an origin character and companion.Anders (before his VA was altered) mentioned how Karlach lost her horn through fighting demons, hence her title 'The Demonsbane'.If you kill a druid in the grove, she will not join you.  