Ketheric Thorm : Ketheric Thorm is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 who can be found at Moonrise Towers during the events of Act 2, once you've reached the Shadow-Cursed Lands: more specifically Moonrise Towers. For details regarding his potential combat encounter please refer to the page listed under Ketheric (Boss). Over the course of his two lives he has served many different gods: first as a paladin of Selûne, followed by Shar, and finally the Lord of Bones himself, Myrkul. Underlings and adversaries often refer to him by his full title and honorifics as General Ketheric Thorm, since he leads the growing army and military operations of the Absolute.  He is one of the primary antagonists of the game along with Orin the Red, Lord Enver Gortash, and the Absolute itself.   

Ketheric Thorm Information: : "I'll tell you a story True Soul, about a man who sold himself, piece by piece he had everything: a wonderful wife, a brilliant daughter.  They lived not far from here.  His wife died too young.  Grief tore through their home like a thief, snatching away the scent of her hair, the rustle of her skirts.  But the man did not break, could not break, after all his daughter needed him whole.  She grew up.  Grew strong.  Challenged him.  Filled his heart with such joy it supplanted all sorrow.  When she was killed the man tried to remain whole, but it wasn't possible, you understand?" – General Ketheric Thorm when addressing the player   Ketheric is a high half-elf who once devoted his worship to the Moonmaiden goddess herself, Selûne.  Along with his wife Melodia they bore a daughter together and raised her in their shared faith, before Melodia's untimely death to a terminal disease. Despite being grief-stricken he honored his wife's dying request and continued to teach his daughter, Isobel, in the ways of their faith.  A time came when the Moonmaiden's daughter, Dame Aylin arrived in their village, upon which both she and Isobel began pursuing one another romantically.  Despite rejoicing in his now, grown-daughter's newfound love, he remained skeptical of their relationship given the power imbalance between the two of them, especially considering Aylin's immortality. Some while later he would discover his daughter had been killed, along with his family dog, Squire, who died defending her from her assailants. Unable to bear the weight of his loss or reconcile with Selûne, Ketheric turned to her dark sister, Shar, for help.  He promised greatness and glory in her name in exchange for the gift of Oblivion.  Soon thereafter he achieved not only to the rank of Dark Justicier, but also earned for himself the title and role of General, before ultimately ascending to become Shar's Chosen. Such was his prowess as her champion that to question Ketheric Thorm was considered to question the will of the Dark Lady herself. Before long he nepotistically elevated other members of his family to positions of great influence and power, including Gerringothe, Malus, and Thisobald.  At the same time he also began to openly persecute Selûne worshippers and set to work forcibly converting any and all to Lady Shar's dark embrace. Ruling as a tyrant with an iron first he mandated and oversaw construction of a massive, subterranean Sharran temple, along with his family's mausoleum and the proud, military fortress of Grymforge.  Sooner than later he amassed a large army of Dark Justifiers to conquer large swathes of the Sword Coast in Faerûn. Ever-seemingly devoted to the cause of his divine crusade and Shar's desires, Ketheric's faith and determination were not so unwavering as one might be lead to believe.  In personal diary entries he expresses doubts about his unfailing attitude towards the goddess and the true effectiveness of not only her teachings but her gift of Oblivion.  As it turns out, the sorrows of Thorm's memories for his deceased wife and daughter were never truly erased or alleviated, such was the strength of his love for the two of them. Before he could execute his master plan and set in motion his great war, he was defeated through the combined efforts of the druids of the Emerald Grove, and the Harpers of Balder's Gate.  Both Halsin and Jahiera were present that day at his downfall and both witnessed the horrors as Ketheric unleashed his final gambit in the form of the shadow curse that still blights the lands around Moonrise Towers to this day.  After his death, Jahiera saw personally to his burial deep within the Thorm Family Grand Mausoleum. Some time after his death and before the events of Baldur's Gate 3 he was mysteriously resurrected and brought back to life, where he soon found himself in service of the Absolute.  Although, some suspect he harbours ulterior motives and secretly works in concert with an altogether different nefarious entity: the source of his new necromantic powers and resurrection – Myrkul. In the time since his revival he has been busy at work reclaiming territories and points of interest in the name of the Absolute.  More importantly however, he found a way to fully resurrect  his own beloved daughter.  Not to mention that along with the help of the necromancer, Balthazar, he has casually achieved the secrets and means of immortality and invulnerability for himself by locking away the Nightsong inside a soul cage within the Shadowfell.  

Where to find Ketheric Thorm : Can be found at: Act 2 Shadow-Cursed Lands Moonrise Towers Throne Room Mind Flayer Colony Moonrise Towers Rooftop .Act 2 Shadow-Cursed Lands Moonrise Towers Throne Room Mind Flayer Colony Moonrise Towers Rooftop .Shadow-Cursed Lands Moonrise Towers Throne Room Mind Flayer Colony Moonrise Towers Rooftop .Moonrise Towers Throne Room Mind Flayer Colony Moonrise Towers Rooftop .Throne Room.Mind Flayer Colony.Moonrise Towers Rooftop  

Ketheric Thorm Quests : Defeat Ketheric Thorm.Infiltrate Moonrise Towers Capture Isobel the Selûnite Cleric Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic Resolve the Abduction .Capture Isobel the Selûnite Cleric.Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic.Resolve the Abduction  

Ketheric Thorm Dialogue Options :  

Ketheric Thorm Notes and Tips : Ketheric Thorm is voiced by legendary screen actor, J.K. Simmons.Should you choose to fight him, Ketheric Thorm drops several pieces of loot upon his defeat: Reaper's Embrace (Very Rare Heavy Armor), Ketheric's Warhammer (Rare), and Ketheric's Shield (Rare)  