Kith'rak Voss : Kith'rak Voss is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Kith'rak Voss can be found at the Mountain Pass. Kith'rak Voss alongside his ride, Qudenos and a Githyanki patrol. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Kith'rak Voss : Can be found at: Act 1 Mountain Pass (The Risen Road)  

Kith'rak Voss Related Quests : Remove the Parasite.The Githyanki Warrior  

Kith'rak Voss Dialogue Options : When first found, Kith'rak Voss is riding his mount, Qudenos, a Red Dragon. He arrives from the skies and interacts with Sarth Baretha. He is the leader and commands the rest of the Githyanki in the zone. He will inquire you about the Nautiloid crash. Apparently, he is looking for the Mysterious Artefact, in your possession. If Lae'zel is part of the team, she will immediately head to him as soon as he is in her sights.  Two things can happen during this conversation: Kith'rak Voss is convinced. Both he and the rest of the Githyanki patrol leave the area.He is not convinced, proceeds to order Sarth Baretha your execution and leaves the area riding Qudenos.   Dialogue choices:  When he approaches Lae'zel and asks for her name, you have a few response options. This varies based on your character.  Nod to Lae'zel. Go ahead.[DRAGONBORN] I will be speaking on her behalf, gith.  Allow Lae'zel to speak for herself and she will approve. He will then proceed to describe a weapon he is missing. He will then state that Lae'zel is to join their search. Mouth a silent command to Lae'zel: 'truth'. .[PERSUASION] Mouth a silent command to Lae'zel: 'play along'.Produce the odd artefact. You're looking for this, I take it? .I have my own mandate. Time to die, gith.  Choose to undergo the persuasion check and pass it and she will play along. Both Lae'zel and Shadowheart will approve. Kith'rak will also be content with this answer. Your interactions here could also inspire Astarion  

Kith'rak Voss Stats : 

Kith'rak Voss General Information : Race: GithyankiHealth: ???AC: 17Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 50Attitude: 0

Kith'rak Voss stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 16Constitution: 17Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 15Charisma: 17 Proficiency Bonus: +4 Initiative: +3

Kith'rak Voss Passive Features : Extra Attack Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Kith'rak Voss Notable Loot : N/A

Kith'rak Voss Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  