Komira : Komira is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Komira can be found in The Hollow with Locke. Komira is the mother of Arabella, a Tiefling child that got into trouble with the Druids for stealing their idol. She was previously known as Marricko but has been renamed to Komira as of patch 9.3. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on. In Act 2 Komira and her Husband Locke, can be found in the hospital beds with an undead nurse (Sister Lidwin) by their side. Sister Lidwin believes that they are still alive. But they're not. If you use Speak With Dead on Komira, She does not have anything to say. But use it on Locke, and he reveals that Zevlor had betrayed the Infernals and hid within a Shelter. He also explains that the Undead Sisters have killed them.   

Where to find Komira : Can be found at: Act 1 The Hollow (Druid Grove)  Act 2  House of Healing 

Komira Related Quests : Save Arabella  

Komira Dialogue Options : You meet Komira and Locke in the heat of an argument against the Druid at the north entrance of The Hollow towards Emerald Grove. She fights to see Arabella who the Druids have. Speak to her to learn more. I saw what happened. Why are the druids holding your daughter?.You need to be careful. That bear would've torn you to shreds.  If you ask about it you will learn Arabella tried to steal their idol. Your next response will decide your involvement.  She is just a child - the druids are overreacting. I'll talk to them.You've got your work cut out for you.Like you said - it's your fault. You should've tried parenting her.Thieves deserve to be punished. It's as simple as that.  If you choose option 1 and get involved, your Journal will be updated and you will be tasked to Save Arabella as part of the Main Quests, but Astarion will disapprove of your choice.  If you advance the quest, Save Arabella, and confront Kagha at the Emerald Grove behind the stone door, you can come back to Komira and Locke to inform them of the results of your interaction.  If Arabella is killed during your interaction, you will need to find a way to break the bad news to them. This will complete the quest. .If Arabella survives, return to them and you will see Arabella reunited with her parents. You will then complete the quest and be rewarded with a Cherished Locket.  

Komira Stats : 

Komira General Information : Race: TieflingHealth: 5AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Komira stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Komira Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Komira Notable Loot : ????

Komira Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  