Krolla : Krolla is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Krolla can be found at Goblin Camp. Krolla is a red-skinned goblin who holds a chicken run competition. Krolla holds a chicken run competition and asks you to take part of it. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Krolla : Can be found at: Act 1.Goblin Camp, on the left side beyond the main entrance.  

Krolla Quests : N/A  

Krolla Dialogue Options : When approached, Krolla asks you if you have what it takes to do the chicken-chasing challenge. After Krolla explains to you the rules, you can compete.If you interact with the chicken you can urge her to attack the goblins passing an Animal Handling. If you fail, the chicken will do nothing.  If you kill the chicken. you earn 1 xp, and Krolla finishes the game. She tells you that you owe her for killing the bird. Here you can: Say you owe her nothing because you didn't kill it.Attempt an Intimidation check, threatening to kill Krolla.Use the Illithid tadpole, announcing yourself as a true soul. After doing this, Krolla says she is sorry about the situation and that you owe her nothing. If you already faced the Owlbear, but left the Owlbear Cub alive, it will be found here and replace the chicken. Managing to convince the cub to complete the race (using Speak with Animals can improve your chances dramatically), can lead you to ask the cub to follow your scent to the camp. You will need to convince Krolla to let the Cub leave or get rid of her.  In order to invite the Owlbear Cub back to camp, you will need to do either of the following: Kill the goblins in the area. .Call the sport cruel. .Convince the cub to attack Krolla.  When you interact with the cub you have two options: [PERSUASION] The goblins are responsible for your pain. Kill them.Leave.  If you persuade the Owlbear to attack the goblins, Astarion will approve.  From here, you can tell him he's welcome at the camp. Shadowheart will approve of this gesture.   

Krolla Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  