Mizora : Mizora is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Mizora is Wyll's Handler. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Mizora : Can be found at: Act 1 Campsite Act 2 Moonrise Towers Act 3 Wyrm's Rock fortress  

Mizora Related Quests : Blade of Frontiers  

Mizora Dialogue Options : Mizora appears at the Underdark Camp. When she appears, you have the following options: Just who in the Nine Hells are you?.Well, well. Aren't you a luscious thing?.Godsdamned devil. Get out of my camp!.[WARLOCK] That's a nice set of wings. Let me guess: Wyll's patron?  If you flirt with her (option 2), Wyll and Karlach will disapprove.She will eventually bring up a deal involving Karlach. If she is alive, Wyll will defend her, but Mizora will insist she has no heart.  Get to the point, devil. What do you want?.If we kill Karlach now, will that get rid of you?.You better not lay a damned finger on Karlach.Blast it all, Wyll. Why didn't you tell me about her?.I've heard enough. You're not leaving this place alive.  Regardless of your choice, she will put Wyll in a pit of fire and change his form. If you chose answer 3 & 5 - Wyll, Lae'zel, Gale and Shadowheart will approve   Mizora will make an appearance again at Moonrise Towers. Mizora appeared in the form of a projection to inform us that the Absolute cult abducted an infernal asset of some importance to the archdevil Zariel. We should find and release them - Wyll's very soul hangs in the balance.We've delved deep into Moonrise Towers. We should search the area thoroughly - the devil that Mizora asked us to rescue must be nearby. Continue through the Main Quests of the game until you reach Moonrise Towers. You'll be undergoing the task to Infiltrate Moonrise Towers.  Depending on whether or not you’ve got Wyll in your party during one of your rests at camp, Mizora will come for a visit. She’ll tell you that one of Zariel’s devils has been captured by the cultists and brought to Moonrise Towers. Wyll’s next task, as per their pact, is to free this devil. You’ll have the following options to respond to this with: And this is our problem how, exactly?.Forget it. This ‘asset’ can rot in the Towers for all I care.If this devil is so powerful, how did they manage to get captured? If you choose the first option, she’ll do her usual referencing of their contract. Before she leaves, you’ll do a Perception check here to see if she’s hiding anything behind her usual attitude, and blurry appearance.  If you did choose to take a long rest, you’ll be visited by your Dream Visitor again as you sleep. They’ll comment on how strong the Absolute’s influence is where you are, and then commend you for saving the refugees at the grove. You can respond with the following options: It wasn’t even a choice. They needed my help.It doesn’t seem like my help did them much good. The cultists caught up with them.It was a waste of time. I regret it now.I didn’t do it for them. The goblins were in my way, so I killed them. Choosing the first option will have them say it’s not a choice just anyone could make, before wincing in pain. A successful Perception check will tell you that they’re hiding their struggle to protect you. You’ll have the following options to react with: What is it?.Are you all right?.Focus! Don’t you dare drop my protection.Say nothing. A successful Insight check this time will tell you that despite her disciplined, strong demeanor, she also needs some comfort. You can choose to do the following: Say nothing. Wait.Hold (them) tight.You look terrible. Do you need a hug?.Pull yourself together. We’ve got work to do. They’ll appreciate the gesture if you choose to hold them and mention that it’s been quite a while since they’ve been held by someone. If you ask them who it was that used to hold them, they’ll reveal the name Belynne who they were very close to. They’ll tell you how the Absolute’s mental attacks to transform you have been relentless, but they’ll reaffirm her resolve to protect you for as long as they can. Before leaving camp, you can talk to Wyll who’ll be quite pissed at his new task. You can ask him if this task violates their contract, as he was supposed to be killing devils, not rescuing them. Knowing how Mizora thinks, however, he confirms that the contract doesn’t say anything about saving a devil so the task still stands. You can continue the conversation which will end with the resolution to complete the task so he doesn’t get turned into a lemure. To Rescue Zariel's asset from Moonrise, you'll need to make your way to the Mind Flayer Colony Membrane and head deeper in till you see Chop. Head past him towards the north. Deeper into the Colony until you reach the Tadpoling Centre. Search the Mind Flayer pods toward the west and you will find Mizora.  Mizora? You are the devil you sent Wyll to rescue?.Figures. All that talk about Zariel's asset, I should've known you were lying. .What have we here? Hold on - I need to relish the moment. She then tells you to get her out and she will let Wyll go, and you will see that the control panel has two devices with illithid symbols. [BARBARIAN] [STRENGTH] SMASH THE POD.Examine the device on the left.Examine the device on the right.Leave her there.  Followed up by a chance to annihilate her: [BARBARIAN] [STRENGTH] SMASH THE POD.Connect your. mind to 'annihilate' device and activate it.Connect your. mind to 'ybkeasg' device and activate it.Leave her there.  Note: If you choose to annihilate her, this will also result in Wyll's demise. If you have strength available and you use it successfully to smash the pod, this will update the journal for the quest, and her pod will open. She will then state that she will release Wyll within six months.  To the Hells with your conditions. Sever Wyll's pact now, or I'll sever your head. A full half of a year? You've got to be kidding. .Shrug. Six months isn't that long a wait.That warlock of yours is turning out to be more trouble than he's worth.  You can choose option 1, but she will not fight you and she will leave. Note: If Wyll is in your party, she will reward him with an Infernal Rapier for his troubles if you manage to convince her.    Mizora will be encountered in multiple locations, updating the journals found in The Blade of Frontiers.   Mizora asked us to meet her in camp. She has an important proposal to make regarding Wyll's father, Grand Duke Ravengard. You will be visited by Mizora at some point at Camp after a long rest. She will offer Wyll a deal.   Here, you will meet the sisters of Justice. Wyll wants to find and save his father so Mizora gives him two choices. She offers another bargain. Your two options are the following:  If the Grand Duke is alive, then she will reveal his location, but Wyll will pledge his soul to Mizora and the archdevil Zariel. (If the Grand Duke is dead at this point then Mizora will resurrect him.).The second option is to break his pact, but Wyll's father will die by his enemy's hand.  When she appears with a proposal, the dialogue will proceed as follows:  What are you proposing?.Then break it already. Wyll doesn't need to wait six months.Remain Silent.  Ask what he proposal is and she will elaborate.   

Should you break Mizora's Pact? : If you remain pacted, your next objective will be to Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison. .If you break the pact, your next objective is to Continue onward with Wyll. Counsellor Florrick or Cordula Eltan will later ambush the party, while accusing Wyll of killing the father so he could take the city. .Your choices here will also affect your journal updates for the Rescue the Grand Duke.Note: Before you make your choice, it is possible to break the pact and later on find a way to save his father if you find him alive at the Iron Throne.  Your response here will determine his choice. What will happen to Wyll's powers if he breaks the pact?.Save your father, Wyll. The city will need him to help rebuild. .Do the right thing. Give your soul so that your father can live.Break the pact, Wyll. You deserve your freedom.Let your father die. When the city's free, you can take his place.  After the consequences of both these events play out, you will still be able to gain information to proceed with  quest and you will be able to proceed to Read The Legend of Ansur whether it is retrieved from the Grand Duke or looted from an ambush.   

Mizora Stats : 

Mizora General Information : Race: TBAHealth:TBAAC:TBABase speed:TBASize: TBAWeight:TBAAttitude: 0

Mizora stats : Strength:TBADexterity:TBAConstitution:TBAIntelligence: TBAWisdom: TBACharisma: TBA Proficiency Bonus: TBA Initiative: TBA

Mizora Passive Features : TBA Slashing: TBAPiercing: TBABludgeoning: TBAFire: TBALightning: TBAPsychic: TBAPoison: TBA

Mizora Notable Loot : TBA

Mizora Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  