Naaber : Naaber is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Naaber can be found at Carm's Garm. Naaber is a self proclaimed 'adventurer-to-be' that is attempting to decide his combative path. He carries the Absolute Confidence Amulet. To acquire it, one can complete his dialogue chain, or steal it from him. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Naaber : Can be found at: Act 3 Carm's Garm.  

Naaber Related Quests : ???  

Naaber Dialogue Options : You first encounter Naaber within Carm's Garm, running around the main room and shouting 'Hello! Hi! Over here! Me!' Upon starting conversation with him, he will raise his fists to you, instructing you to 'put 'em up.' Your first set of options are as follows: Put up What?.What do you awnt?.Brace for a fight.Slide away from him slowly. The first two choices prompt him to express glee at your speaking to him. The third and fourth result in his indicating he didn't actually intend to fight you. Regardless of your choice, he then introduces himself as an 'adventurer-to-be ' at least once he figures out what kind of adventurer. He asks if you think he could be a fighter, prompting the following options: Why don't you actually fight me and I'll tell you?.Here's a tip to get you started - less talking, more fighting.Follow your dreams and find out.Maybe pick a different career.I could not give less of a ****.Walk away. Inviting a fight results in him saying that he can't do it, allowing an additional dialogue choice from the list. All remaining options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again after ending the conversation prompts a new dialogue regardless of the response, this time with Naaber attempting to be a barbarian, roaring at you repeatedly and asking if he scared you. The options in response are as follows: Let me guesss, you've decided to try being a barbarian?.Sure. Why not.Not even slightly.[PERFORMANCE] Pretend to be terrified.You don't know when to shut up, do you?.Leave. The first option has him affirming such as the case and asking how he did, allowing the selection of one of the other options. The fifth option has him indicating that he does not know when to shut up, and also returns to the remaining options. All remaining options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts another new dialogue chain. This time, he serenades you with the song 'Happy Birthday,' seeking to be a bard. The next set of choices will look like this:  [Your name].What is it this time? Bard?.It's not my birthday.Shut up shut up shut up.Leave. The second option has him confirming that he is now trying out bard. The fourth makes him tell you to play along. The fifth ends the dialogue. The first and third options branch into the following choices: All the bards I've met play an instrument.You were great! Keep at it!.Where's my birthday cake?.Never sing again. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts another new dialogue chain. This time, Naaber is embracing the holy calling of a cleric. The next set of choices will look like this: Whatever you're doing, I'm pretty sure you're doing it wrong.What are you doing?.Stop it. Just stop it.Leave him to it. The third option has him asking why, saying that the both of you are having so much fun, before returning to the remaining choices. The fourth choice ends the dialogue. The first and second options branch into the following choices: What god are you praying to?.Uh  no. Both of these options end the dialogue, with differing responses. Speaking with him again prompts another new dialogue chain. This time, he starts sniffing you. The next set of choices will look like this: What are you sniffing?.What in the hells are you doing now?.Sniff him back.STOP IT, YOU IDIOT.Leave. All options but the fifth branch into the following choices: I liked you more as a human.Correct. But nobody likes Naaber.Carry on, then. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking with him again prompts another new dialogue chain. This time, he is exploring the path of a wizard, a master speller. The next set of choices will look like this:  I know this one. You're a wizard.What's your favorite spell?.Show me what you can do.I regret ever talking to you.Leave. The fifth option ends the dialogue. The first, second, and third options prompt him to spell out the word wizard, branching into the following choices: Er  sure.That's spelling. Wizards cast spells. Idiot. Both options end the dialogue with differing responses. The fourth option of the previous set has Naaber asking if you can still be friends, branching into the following choices: Sure. I guess.Say nothing.Leave. The first and second options end the dialogue with him saying it's the best day of his life. Speaking to him again prompts another new dilaogue chain. This time, he asks if you know anyone he could make a warlock pact with. The next set of choices will look like this:  Are you sure you're ready to be a warlock? Sell your soul for eternity?.Here's a pact for you. Give up.No pact needed. I hope a devil finds you and takes you straight to the Hells.Leave. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts another new dialogue chain. This time, he is attempting meditation. The next set of choices will look like this:  Finally, some peace and quiet.I take it you've decided to try being a monk?.Are we still not done yet?.Back away quietly. The first, second, and third options branch into the following choices: Go back to being silent, then.You? You can't shut up.I doubt you're find peace, but the rest of us might. If we're lucky. The first and third options of this set end the dialogue. The second option of this set branches into another two choices: Oh yeah? Prove it.Sure  Both options end the dialogue. Speaking to him again prompts a new dialogue chain. He attempts to frighten you, as a sneaky rogue. The next set of choices will look like this:  Was someone talking? I hear them, but I can't see them!.No you're not. I see you. You're right there.You are a pain in the arse, that's what you are.Leave. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts a new dialogue chain. He says that instead of a rogue, he might try becoming a ranger. The next set of choices will look like this:  I hope you're looking forward to those long, lonely months on the trail.Look! A displacer beast! Go after it!.You're great at nothing. In fact, you're the worst person I've ever met.Leave. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts a new dialogue chain. He speculates that he might be a sorcerer. The next set of choices will look like this:  Cool, can you do any magic?.What you're feeling is delusion.[SORCERER] Do you draw your magic from [Sorcerer Bloodline] like me?.Why do I keep talking to this idiot? Why? Why?.Leave. All of these options end the dialogue with varying responses. Speaking to him again prompts a new dialogue chain. He swears an oath of devotion to you, as a paladin. The next set of choices will look like this:  My only command is that you never speak to me again.I don't accept.Please just go away.Leave. The first option leads to a failed attempt of silence, and then expressing that he feels that he might have broken something, ending the dialogue.The second response has him say that he's ready to do anything, and allows the selection of another one of the options. The third and fourth options end the dialogue. Speaking to him again prompts one last conversation. He expresses that the roles of adventurers are very restrictive, and that it might not be for him. He says that he likes talking to you, and gives you a present in thanks for doing so. The Absolute Confidence Amulet, a necklace granting +1 Performance and -1 Intimidation. Following this, he suggests mixing the classes so that you can continue to talk together, before leaving Carm's Garm.

Naaber Stats : 

Naaber General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 4/4AC: 10Base speed: 0ft (As stated in his information)Size: MediumWeight: 90lbsAttitude: 0

Naaber stats : Strength: 10Dexterity: 10Constitution: 10Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 10Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Naaber Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Naaber Notable Loot : Absolute Confidence Amulet

Naaber Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  