Nadira : Nadira is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Nadira is a Tiefling Bard initially found at Druid Grove. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Baldur's Gate 3 Nadira General Information : Nadira is a non-violent Tiefling Bard players meet at Druid Grove in ACT I. After defeating a Bugbear Assassin trying to ambush her, players can perform a dice check to receive a Soul Coin from her.  

Where to find Nadira in Baldur's Gate 3 : Nadira can initially be found at Druid Grove, east of the road where players first interact with Zevlor. That is, upon entering the location to the right, crossing a fallen tree that acts as a bridge. Nadira can be found up the hill in that area, she will be looking through a telescope but beware as both her and the player will be ambushed by a Bugbear Assassin.  

Baldur's Gate 3 Nadira Related Quests : No related quests.  

Nadira Dialogue Options in Baldur's Gate 3 : After defeating the Bugbear Assassin trying to ambush Nadira at Druid Grove, she will confront the player as she thinks they've been sent to take the Soul Coin she's holding. Players can choose to Persuade or Intimidate Nadira in order to make her hand over the coin. Nadira: "Let me guess: your devil mistress sent you to get her soul coin back. Too bad, I earned it fair and square." Coin? Mistress? You lost me.I've been to Avernus, but I'm no devil's servant. .That bugbear would have crushed your skull. This is the thanks I get?.[DECEPTION] You got me. Hand the coin over and I'll be on my way.  If you choose Deception and successfully pass the Charisma check, Shadowheart will approve and you will obtain the coin. You can still choose a response.  Coin? Mistress? You lost me.I've been to Avernus, but I'm no devil's servant. .That bugbear would have crushed your skull. This is the thanks I get? If your interaction is successful, you should be able to leave with the Soul Coin.  

Baldur's Gate 3 Nadira Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  