Nightsong : Nightsong is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3.  Nightsong can be found in the Shadowfell during Act 2. For much of the early game leading into Act 2, the Nightsong remains a mystery until the player discovers the Nightsong isn't an object or a place but rather a person. As it turns out the Nightsong's true Identity is revealed to actually be that of a female aasimar by the name of Dame Aylin.  Not only is she immortal, but Aylin also happens to be the daughter of the goddess, Selûne. For the past 100 years she has been held as a prisoner inside the Shadowfell, where she has been used to fulfill a dual purpose.  The first and much more apparent role she plays is that of a Selûnite blood sacrifice for the final rite Sharrans go through in the Gauntlet of Shar when looking to ascend and become Dark Justiciars.  As an immortal her deaths are short-lived and she always returns to life waiting for the next supplicant to kill her. Aylin's second and much more insidious function is to act as the source of Ketheric Thorm's unnatural invulnerability.  When she was first trapped in the Shadowfell, the necromancer Balthazar discovered a way to indefinitely bind her inside a Soul Cage, which in turn would be used to link Ketheric and her together.  At so long as she remained alive and bound and shackled by the spell. Unaware of this ulterior motive, Shar initially accepted Aylin as a gift from Ketheric, as a way to spite her sister Selûne.  But as she became privy to the Nightsong's true purpose and nature she came to resent her even more and scorned Ketheric for his heresy and betrayal in using necromancy to continually cheat death and defile her realm with such foul and profane magicks.   

Where to find Nightsong : Can be found at: Act 1 Gauntlet of Shar (Shadowfell).Moonrise Towers.Campsite  

Nightsong Quests : Defeat Ketheric Thorm.Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic.Find the Nightsong.The Chosen of Shar (Daughter of Darkness)  

Nightsong Dialogue Options : Your interactions with Nightsong will be modified depending on whether you decide d to Attack Balthazar or not. When proceeding through The Chosen of Shar, there will be multiple outcomes when you see Nightsong in her prison: Allow Shadowheart to become Dark Justiciar. You will need to have obtained the Spear of Night for this to be possible and you will need to defeat Balthazar.Shadowheart spares Nightsong. This will require your to attack Balthazar. This will lead Nightson to head for Moonrise Towers to kill Ketheric Thorm. .Spare Balthazar and allow him to take Nightsong to Ketheric Thorm. He will explain that Aylin is an aasimar, bound to a soul cage of his creation to lend her power to General Thorm.   Your interactions with Nightsons will affect the outcomes and updates of Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic, and Defeat Ketheric Thorm.   The first two endings will require you to defeat Balthazar. Face Nightsong without Balthazar by attacking him. When you face Nightsong, you will have the following options: Trust Shadowheart - do not interfere. .Do as you must.Is this truly what you want?.Choose your own way, Shadowheart. You cannot allow your goddess to control you.Please Shadowheart. Don't do this.  Choose to trust her with the first option and Shadowheart will approve. You can follow up with the next options: Kill her. Let's finish this ritual,.[persuasion] Don't do it, Shadowheart. Don't kill her- you'll regret it. .She knows something about you. Spare her, and see what she has to say. .Say nothing.  Continue with the ritual and encourage Shadowheart with the first response. Karlach will disapprove. This will result in Ending 1. Say nothing during this interaction to get Ending 2 (Spare Nightsong).   Allow Shadowheart to kill Nightsong with the Spear of Night and she will become a Dark Justiciar.   Shadowheart wielded the Spear of Night and killed Nightsong. Greatly pleased, Shar rewarded Shadowheart, and gave her a new mission to pursue.   If you say nothing during the dialogue, Shadowheart will decide herself to spare Nightsong leading to Ending 3. Nightsong will be headed toward the Moonlight Towers to go after Ketheric Thorm.  We convinced Shadowheart to turn her back on Shar's wishes, and instead free Nightsong. Rather than become a Dark Justiciar, Shadowheart will instead likely face dire consequences for her actions.   If you decide to go see Nightsong without attacking Balthazar, you have the following dialogue options: If she's the reason Ketheric is invulnerable, you're not taking her. Leave, or you're a dead man.Go on, then. Take the Nightsong to Ketheric. Get it over with.Attack him.  If you choose option two and ask him to take the Nightsong to Ketheric, Wyll and Karlach will disapprove. Allow the next scene to play out and she will be released. This will inspire Shadowheart (Acolyte: Cerimonia Compedum) and complete the quest.   We surrendered Nightsong to Balthazar, who took her away to Moonrise Towers. Enraged, Shadowheart turned on us.   You can speak to the Nightsong as Dame Aylin after sparing and freeing her during The Chosen of Shar. If you spared her, your next objective in Shadowheart's questline would be to defeat Ketheric Thorm. Dame Alyline: You have defeated Ketheric Thorm, yet you who were content to leave Dame Aylin in his thrall until it served you best. How do you account for it? I apologize. It was wrong of me to leave you in Ketheric's clutches.It was strategy - not personal.I'd do it again, if the whim struck me Say it was not personal and if you have Minthara with you, she will approve. However, Dame Aylin will state she will not forget her actions, but will continue to consider you an ally. She will further introduce herself and state that she will join your camp.  See you there.I don't think so. Our journey together ends here. No need to wait. I freed you so I could kill Ketheric, but I have no interest in an alliance.  Here, you can choose whether you want to proceed with her as an ally. If you agree, you will see her at Camp.    Speak to her again and she will ask her mother for forgiveness for you.   I am grateful for your understanding. .Where's the silver light, the moon-magic?.I'd have taken gold over a prayer. .Your mother is wrong, I'd send you to Ketheric again, if given the chance.  Eventually, you can ask her to tell Shadowheart about her history to further the Daughter of Darkness journals. You can also ask her to permanently join your camp.   

Nightsong Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  