Nocturne : Nocturne is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Nocturne can be found as part of the Cloister of Sombre Embrace. Nocturne is an old friend of Shadowheart and a quartermaster for the Sharran cloister; she can be encountered as a merchant. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Nocturne : Can be found at: Act 3  House of Grief: Cloister of Sombre Embrace, Lower City  

Nocturne Related Quests : A Familiar Face  

Nocturne Dialogue Options : If you interact with her, she will recognize Shadowheart. If Shadowheart turned away from Shar, she may not recognize her and Nocturne will realize that she may not walk in the Dark Lady's shadow anymore. You can then respond.  Then you two are enemies - not friends. .Say nothing.  If you say nothing, it will be Shadowheart who will declare that they are enemies.  If you interact with her as a friend, you will be able to trade with you. You will also have the following dialogue available (Your options vary on your actions throughout The Daughter of Darkness): Let me see your wares.[ENEMY OF SHAR] Are you just going to remain here? there's no need - Viconia is gone. (If you killed Viconia).There's much I still can't remember. Can you share anything with me? From when we were young?.Leave.  If you ask her if she'll stay, she'll respond with: "This place is all I've ever known. In time, perhaps I'll venture out there, see what I've been missing. But for now   old habits die hard.  You can also ask her to share stories about Shadowheart.      

Nocturne Stats : 

Nocturne General Information : Race: TieflingHealth: 50AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Nocturne stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Nocturne Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Nocturne Notable Loot : ????

Nocturne Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  