Novice Crusher : Novice Crusher is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Novice Crusher can be found at Goblin Camp. Novice Crusher is a goblin sharing war stories with his crew.   

Novice Crusher Information: : Novice Crusher is a goblin that despises humans.  

Where to find Novice Crusher : Can be found at: Act 1.Goblin Camp (X: -78; Y: 439)  

Novice Crusher Quests : N/A  

Novice Crusher Dialogue Options : When you first encounter Novice Crusher he is talking to his crew some war stories. If you are a human, he accuses humans of believing they are better than anyone else. You can: Use the tadpole.Tell him he is making assumptions and you don't think you are better than anyone else. He isn't satisfied with that answer, and implies that with The Absolute at their side, goblins will rule the world. So, he demands you to kiss his foot to learn you place in this new world. Tell him he can't be serious Follow his orders and kneel down - for now. Tell him you'd rather spit on his face. Attempt an Intimidation check, telling him to kiss your feet instead. Failing the check, leaves you with the following options: Follow his orders and kneel down - for now. Not a chance. Telling him this, will angry Novice Crusher and start a fight with him and his crew. After winning the fight, he yields. Now you can. Tell him that you have proven your point, and help him get up. Tell him to kiss your feet now. Novice Crusher kisses your feet and you have two more options. Leave him grovelling on the ground. Doing so, causes Novice Crusher to mutter 'Arrogant pig' while you leave. Laugh at his eagerness and finish him off. Ignore his pleading and prepare for the finishing blow. Leave. Attack the goblin. Attack the goblin. .Tell him he can't be serious.Follow his orders and kneel down - for now.Tell him you'd rather spit on his face.Attempt an Intimidation check, telling him to kiss your feet instead. Failing the check, leaves you with the following options: Follow his orders and kneel down - for now. Not a chance. Telling him this, will angry Novice Crusher and start a fight with him and his crew. After winning the fight, he yields. Now you can. Tell him that you have proven your point, and help him get up. Tell him to kiss your feet now. Novice Crusher kisses your feet and you have two more options. Leave him grovelling on the ground. Doing so, causes Novice Crusher to mutter 'Arrogant pig' while you leave. Laugh at his eagerness and finish him off. Ignore his pleading and prepare for the finishing blow. Leave. Attack the goblin. .Follow his orders and kneel down - for now.Not a chance. Telling him this, will angry Novice Crusher and start a fight with him and his crew. After winning the fight, he yields. Now you can. Tell him that you have proven your point, and help him get up. Tell him to kiss your feet now. Novice Crusher kisses your feet and you have two more options. Leave him grovelling on the ground. Doing so, causes Novice Crusher to mutter 'Arrogant pig' while you leave. Laugh at his eagerness and finish him off. Ignore his pleading and prepare for the finishing blow. Leave. .Tell him that you have proven your point, and help him get up.Tell him to kiss your feet now. Novice Crusher kisses your feet and you have two more options. Leave him grovelling on the ground. Doing so, causes Novice Crusher to mutter 'Arrogant pig' while you leave. Laugh at his eagerness and finish him off. .Leave him grovelling on the ground. Doing so, causes Novice Crusher to mutter 'Arrogant pig' while you leave.Laugh at his eagerness and finish him off.Ignore his pleading and prepare for the finishing blow.Leave.Attack the goblin.Attack the goblin.State that as a fact, telling him he is nothing but birth beneath your feet.Leave.  

Novice Crusher Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  