Nymessa : Nymessa is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Nymessa can be found at Ravaged Beach. Nymessa Short Description. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Nymessa : Can be found at: Act 1 Ravaged Beach  

Nymessa Related Quests : Free Lae'zel.Remove the Parasite  

Nymessa Dialogue Options : Players will encounter Damays and Nymessa at the Ravaged Beach mid-conversation with Lae'zel imprisoned. They are under the impression that she is dangerous because she is a Githyanki. These are all a part of your interactions during the Free Lae'zel Main Quest. You can also ask them about a healer, and this will update the Remove the Parasite quest. Your decisions here will continue to impact the journal updates for this quest and your interactions with Damays and Nymessa will determine your future steps with Lae'zel if you wish to recruit her as a Companion. Most of your interactions around Damays will be directed toward Lae'zel. Note that playing as a Githyanki will impact your options. When you approach them, a cutscene will begin before you start hearing her thoughts: Lae'zel: Get rid of them.  Why should I help you?.Don't worry - I'll get them out of here, one way or another.[DECEPTION] This creature is dangerous. Get out of here - leave it to me!.[PERSUATION] Shoot the trap down. We must kill it before it harms someone.Attack the tieflings.Leave Choosing the second option will make Lae'zel communicate with you telepathically and tell you she knows a cure for the things living inside our heads. Shadowheart then reminds you that Lae'zel was keen on leaving her to die when you were all within the Nautiloid and that you can't trust her. You will have to choose among these four choices: [DECEPTION] This creature is dangerous. Get out of here - leave it to me!.[PERSUASION] Shoot the trap down. We must kill it before it harms someone.Attack the tieflings.Leave. Option 2: Choosing to shoot the trap down and passing the Persuasion check will convince them to lower her cage with the intention to kill her. You can then proceed by siding with them by attacking Lae'zel or siding with Lae'zel and attacking Damays and Nymessa instead. .Option 1: Choosing the first option will require you to pass a Deception skill check, successfully doing so will make the tieflings agree with you. Damays will then mention something about checking the blast. You can either ask about it or leave. A blast? I could use more specifics.Leave. Asking for specifics will make Damays reveal that the blast shook their camp and that's why they went out, to take a look. Now you can use Persuasion to ask where the camp is, or leave: [PERSUASION] I'm in dire need of healing. Where is this camp?.Leave. Choosing the first option will require you to pass a skill check, successfully passing the skill check will make Damays tell you the location of the camp. He says it's located northwest and once you make it there, look for Nettie. Nymessa then joins the conversation by telling you to be careful as there are goblin traps everywhere. Once the tieflings leave, Lae'zel demands you to set her free, and your next set of choices will look like this: Now that they're out of earshot, sure.Say 'please'.Leave. Choosing the second option will not make Lae'zel say the word. Astarion and Shadowheart will approve of this decision. You can then attempt to free her after the dialogue. You can convince them to let you take care of the Githyanki. Here you can decide to side with Lae'zel or the tieflings. If you don't manage to convince them, both tieflings will turn hostile.   As a Githyanki, or Under Dwarf, Damays, and Nymessa will immediately react to your arrival with hostility and defensiveness. You will only have two options.  [INTIMIDATION] If you value your life, walk away.Attack the tieflings. If you choose to undergo the Intimidation Check and get a success, Shadowheart will approve of your response and the tieflings will back away, allowing you to free Lae'zel.   Your interactions here could turn hostile depending if you take an aggressive approach or choose to attack the tieflings.To avoid a battle, you can trick Damays and Nymessa into leaving the area long enough for you to free Lae'zel with by passing your Persuasion or Deception checks.You can also choose to leave or Attack Lae'zel during this encounter. .As a Githyanki, you will either need to use Intimidation to leave you alone or approach with equal hostility to free Lae'zel.  

Nymessa Stats : 

Nymessa General Information : Race: Asmodeus TieflingHealth: 18AC: 13Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 60kgAttitude: 0

Nymessa stats : Strength: 11Dexterity: 15Constitution: 9Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 11Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: +2

Nymessa Passive Features : Hellish Resistance: Your blood protects you from flame, abyssal or otherwise. You have resistance to Fire and take only half damage from it. Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: ResistantLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Nymessa Notable Loot : Shortbow

Nymessa Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  