Olodan : Olodan is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Olodan can be found at Emerald Grove. Olodan appears when you return to Emerald Grove alongside Kagha. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Olodan : Can be found at: Act 1 Emerald Grove  

Olodan Related Quests : Investigate Kagha  

Olodan Dialogue Options : Olodan appears during your second interaction with Kagha after speaking with Zevlor. She tells you to tell Rath what is going on.  Take this letter, Rath. It will explain everything.Kagha's a Shdaow Druid. She means to convert the circle.Forget it, rat. You can explain it yourself.The Shadow Druids are taking over - the circle is overdue some change. As Rath goes against their plans, Olodan wants him burned away. You can intervene. [PERSUASION] The shadows won't save you - they'll corrupt you. Stop this, while you can.[DETECT THOUGHTS] Probe Kagha's mind.Take the grove. - I won't stand in your way. .You seem intent on forcing me to take. our life So be it.  If you choose persuasion and succeed, Kagha will see the truth in your words. Astarion will disapprove of this response. This will convince Kagha to turn against Olodan. This will update the journal for  Investigate Kagha and will complete Kill Kagha. This interaction will be followed by a battle against Olodan. You can speak to Kagha afterward to follow up on her thoughts.    

Olodan Stats : 

Olodan General Information : Race: Lightfoot HalflingHealth: 21AC: 15Base speed: ???Size: SmallWeight: 35kgAttitude: 0

Olodan stats : Strength: 12Dexterity: 18Constitution: 14Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 18Charisma: 18 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: +4

Olodan Passive Features : Brave.Halfling Luck.Opportunity Attack Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Olodan Notable Loot : ????

Olodan Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  