Ornate Mirror : Ornate Mirror is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Ornate Mirror can be found at Blighted Village. Ornate Mirror is a passage to a secret laboratory underneath a house in the Blighted Village. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Ornate Mirror : Can be found at: Act 1 Blighted Village  

Ornate Mirror Related Quests : n/a   

Ornate Mirror Dialogue Options : When you find the mirror in the Hidden Cellar under the Blighted Village house, the first thing he will ask for is your name. .She will then follow up with a short quiz to determine if she will let you through. .Answer her questions to be let through.  Dialogue choices: Note: Additional or alternate dialogue options may become available depending on your character. Repeat the name from the book you read; 'Ilyn Toth'.Tell it your name.[DRAGONBORN] I'm, eh - syrjit Hava.Examine your appearance.[WARLOCK] [ARCANA] Examine the mirror, trying to understand its magic.  If you choose option 1: As any other race, the mirror will know you are not her master because you are not human. The mirror will then ask if you are an ally. If you had an option to pass a check and break the mirror, this will instantly work and she will also let you through.  Yes, an ally! I'm an ally of your master's.I don't have time for games. Let me pass. .[INTIMIDATION] Open or I'll smash you to pieces - bad luck be damned. .Step back and say nothing.  If you try to pass as an ally: He's as fine as zulkir as ever lived!.Szass Tam is a foul, wretched creature. .[INTIMIDATION] I think seven years' bad luck sounds like a fair trade for smashing you. Choose option 2 and the mirror will continue with her quiz.  Tell me, why might one use balsam ointment? I read a doctor's journal - he used balsam to clean a wound.It treats burns?.To clear a rash?.[RANGER] I use it to clean wounds out in the wilds.  The answer will be to clean wounds. Ornate Mirror: .if you could see anything in me, what would it be? I'd see the ones I love.I'd look for whatever spell will rid me of this worm in my head.I'd see my enemies suffering.  Choose option 2 and she will welcome you through.   

  : 

Ornate Mirror Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  