Priestess Gut : High Priestess of the Absolute True Soul Gut is an NPC and potential Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 True Soul Gut can be found at Shattered Sanctum. True Soul Gut is an old goblin woman and the high priestess of The Absolute. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find True Soul Gut in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 1.Shattered Sanctum  

BG3 True Soul Gut Quests : Removing the parasite  

BG3 True Soul Gut Dialogue Options : When first approached True Soul Gut notices you have something special about you and demands to mark your flesh with the sign of The Absolute. Your interactions here could update the journals for Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help. This could also update Find a Cure. She asks to brand you, by doing so, you will bear the mark of the Absolute, and among other things, can trigger some Equipment that otherwise wouldn't trigger their special abilities like: Absolute's Warboard or Gloves of Power. Shadowheart will disapprove if you get the brand. You can decide to receive help from her, this leads her to ask the character that is talking to her to go alone to her chapel.After following True Soul Gut to her chapel, she tells you if you are ready. She gives you a potion that, if you don't pass the check, will knock you out after drinking it. After that, your character awakes chained and threatened by True Soul Gut. (Note that the potion will only work with a character who is not immune to poison and does not have sleep resistance. This could result in combat).If you manage to pass the checks while chained, you can free yourself, reunite with your team and engage True Soul Gut. If you fail, don't worry, an assassin named Korrilla, will save you by killing the goblin priestess. .If you repell her probing, she will not be able to help you further and the quest will be completed.    True Soul Fut Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help All Journal Outcomes: We were drugged and imprisoned by Priestess Gut. She hopes that we'll turn into mind flayers so she can study us. We need to get out of here - now.Priestess Gut might have been able to help us, but being a goblin proved to be fatal for her. We'll need to find another way to remove the parasite.We've been marked as enemies of the Absolute - there's no way Priestess Gut will help us now.We repelled Priestess Gut's mental probe. Not capable of understanding what ailed us, she told us she couldn't help.We left the area without seeing if the goblin priestess could heal us.   After she asks to mark you, you have the following dialogue options: Why should I let you brand me?.I assume that this mark has a purpose.I'm not letting you burn me for life on a whim.I'm here to spill your guts across the floor.  If you ask why, she says that with the mark, no one will mess with you. She will then begin to probe before another set of options appear: Push deeper into her mind.Sever the connection.  Choose to probe deeper and she will be aware.  Do you think you can fix whatever causing those shadows?.There's a creature inside my head, can you help with that?.Any help would be appreciated. I need a healer. .Can we talk privately? This is a sensitive matter. .Leave. After this interaction, you can talk to her again to have her 'clear you head.' She will ask if you are ready. Yes. I'm ready.What exactly are you going to do?.Change of plan. I'm going to kill you.Leave. If you tell her you're ready, Astarion will disapprove. He will continue to disapprove as you continue. You will then need to either seal your mind or allow her to rummage through your memories. Your third option is to attack. The quest will conclude after your interaction.  Once you are ready, Gut will shut the door and reach into your mind, this will give you the following dialogue options. Seal your mind against the intrusion.Allow her to rummage through your memories.Attack.   Choosing dialogue 1 will give you the following dialogue options. Choosing dialogue 2 will skip this dialogue selection. Relax your mind, directing her to the memory of your infection.Shut her out completely. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Gut offer to take out the parasite, this will give you the following dialogue options. Then get it out of me.I still have my senses. I'll find another way to deal with it.Pretty sure one of those parasites is squirming in your head too.I've heard enough - time to die. Choosing dialogue 1 will agree to have Gut help take it out, this will give you the following dialogue options. I'm ready.Give me a little time to prepare.What exactly does your plan involve?.I don't think so. Time to die. Choosing dialogue 1 will cause Gut to give you a potion to drink to purify you. You must be a human or a character that is not immune to poison to be able to have the option to drink the potion. Having the Arcana proficiency will help you realize that Guts is trying to put you to sleep, giving you the following dialogue options. That'll put me to sleep - are you trying to trick me?.[HALF-ELF] Drink the potion.I'm not drinking that. Gut will inform you that she is only trying to help when choosing dialogue 1. You now have the option to drink the potion if you are a Half-Elf, to kill her or to not drink it.   Choosing to drink it will cause you to collapse and pass out. You will wake up later in chains in the Defiled Temple, allowing Gut to rummage through your memories will give you the following dialogue options.  I was abducted  A mind flayer infected me with this thing.You're out of luck. I don't know any more about it than you do.I'll make you pay for this, goblin. After choosing dialogue 1, Gut will explain that she's aware of what happens and will give you the following dialogue options. Then stop this! Heal me.No, I'm not going to let that happen.You're infected. The same thing will happen to you.You won't live to see it, trust me. After choosing dialogue 1, Gut will explain that she wants to witness your change, this will give you the following dialogue options. If I do transform, you'll be my first meal.Keep quiet. Choosing dialogue 2 will give you the following dialogue choices. If you chose not to let Gut rummage through your memories, it will go directly to this dialogue sequence when you wake up. [ACROBATICS] Dislocate your wrist and wriggle free.[STRENGTH] Tense your muscles, straining against the chains.Preserve your strength. Choosing dialogue 3 will complete Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help.    Choosing to not drink it, and threatening to or choosing to attack will commence battle with Gut. Once defeated, you can loot her and find a Rancid Note and a key, read the note to find out about Halsin. Pick up the key and use it on the locked door in the Chapel. This will complete Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help.  

BG3 True Soul Gut Boss Fight Guide : 

True Soul Gut Boss Tips : True Soul Gut can get complicated if she fights alongside the many goblins wandering around the Shattered Sanctum, but won't be much trouble if you decide to take her on by herself.  

True Soul Gut Information: : Race: Goblin (Humanoid)Health: 36/36AC: 16Base speed: 9mSize: SmallWeight: 35kgAttitude:0  

True Soul Gut Passive Features: : The Absolute's Mercy When the wearer has less than 25% of their Hit Points left and deals damage, they regain 1d8 hit points Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction.  Darkvision  

True Soul Gut Abilities : Strength: 14Dexterity: 12Constitution: 14Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 18Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +2.Initiative: +1

Attacks & Spells : Guiding Bolt.Absolute Protection.Mirror Image.Burning Hands.Smash.The Absolute's Hand: Grabs a target and brings it closer to the caster, inflicting fall damage.

True Soul Gut Rewards : Experience: 50Xp. Loot: Rancid Note.Absolute's Warboard.Absolute's Talisman.Crude Mace.Priestess' Key.Padlock Key.Scroll of Burning Hands.Potion of Healing.Potion of Greater Healing.Onyx.x34 Gold.Potion of Sleep

True Soul Gut Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  