Roah Moonglow : Roah Moonglow is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Roah Moonglow can be found at Shattered Sanctum. Roah Moonglow is a hafling merchant. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Roah Moonglow Information: : Roah Moonglow is a halfling merchant willing to make a profit of the situation. A bit angry because the goblins are not selling any more slaves.  

Roah Moonglow sells the following: : Not all items will be sold at the same time. Leveling up or completing a Long Rest will reset the shop and potenially show different items. x2 Potion of Fire Resistance.x3 Potion of Healing.Potion of Greater Healing.Potion of Invisibility.Potion of Fire Breath.x2 Potion of Speed.x2 Arrow of Roaring Thunder.x3 Arrow of Fire.x3 Arrow of Lightning.Scroll of Armour of Agathys.Scroll of Fire Bolt.Scroll of Invisibility.Scroll of Magic Missile.Scroll of Misty Step.Scroll of Ray of Frost.Scroll of Revivify.Scroll of Silence.x3 Trap Disarm Toolkit.x3 Thieves' Tools.Blooded Greataxe.Bow of Awareness.Dagger +1.Gold Wyrmling Staff.Greataxe +1.Halberd +1.Hunter's Dagger.Longbow +1.Monster Slayer Glaive.Rapier +1.Heavy Crossbow.Longbow.Longsword.Morningstar.Scimitar.Shortsword.x2 Torch.Trident.Warhammer.Leather Helmet.Helmet.Chain Mail Armour.Chain Shirt +1.Studded Leather Armour.Studded Shield.Metallic Boots.Metallic Gloves.The Whispering Promise - Unique Item (See Notes and Tips).x3 Alchemist's Fire.Amulet of Elemental Torment  

Where to find Roah Moonglow : Can be found at: Act 1.Shattered Sanctum.Act 2 .Moonrise Tower.Act 3.Sewers during Jahira's companion quest. After the robbery, she will be speaking with Minsc  

Roah Moonglow Quests : N/A  

Roah Moonglow Dialogue Options : If you pass an automatic history check while interacting with him, you will recognize the crest he bears and have these dialogue options: You're no normal trader, are you? You're part of the Black Network. .What business does someone like you have in a goblin camp?.Let me see your wares.Leave.  After she responds you can bring up your previous trade encounter beneath Waukeen's rest if you accepted the tasks involved in Find the Missing Shipment. You can then decide whether you want to see her wares and trade.   

Roah Moonglow Notes and Tips : Roah Moonglow may sell the ring The Whispering Promise but not always, the ring has been reported to sometimes instead be sold by Volo, Grat The Trader, or Brem.May sell Ne'er Misser the hand-crossbow that deals Force damage.  