Rolan : Rolan is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Rolan can be found at The Hollow. Rolan is a Tiefling that can be found discussing with his companions about the current situation at the Druid Grove. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Rolan Information : Rolan is a Tiefling, living inside the Hollow, discussing with his adventurers' friends about what to do regarding the situation at the Druid Grove. He has been accepted for apprenticeship under Lorroakan.  

Where to find Rolan : Can be found at: Act 1 The Hollow .The Hollow.Act 2 Last Light Inn .Last Light Inn.Act 3 Ramazith's Tower .Ramazith's Tower  

Rolan Quests : N/A  

Rolan Dialogue Options : You will find Rolan in an argument with his two tiefling companions, Lia and Cal about what to do regarding the dangers drawing near at the Druid Grove. She wants to stay and fight, while Rolan states that they should flee while they can. Cal is not fully decided about a decision. At that moment the player steps into the conversation. Say nothing.Get out while you can - the goblins will be back.[PERSUASION] You should all stay. A single blade could make a difference. .[DRAGONBORN] Clan is everything. You don't abandon those you swore to protect. .[RANGER] I'd choose the wilderness over the dangers of a city any day. Stay.[PALADIN] 'Where the weak have need, the strong have a duty'. Stay.Leave. You can say nothing and see how the situation unfolds.Warn them about the goblins, urging them to leave.Passing a Persuasion check, you can ask them to stay. Convincing them that every blade is needed to fight. Rolan will continue to resist before eventually caving in.  After he agrees to stay, you will be able to speak to him again. He will state that staying is a mistake. You're doing the right thing. The tieflings need help. .Why the rush to leave?.Leave on your own. Why wait?  You can hear more about what he has to say and respond with:  You sound excited.[BALDURIAN] Is this Lorroakan of Ramazith Tower? After the conversation, he will walk away.   He is met once more in Act 2. After the attack on Last Light Inn, if the player successfully protects Isobel, he will leave a message saying he departed to Moonrise Towers in order to save his siblings. The player must rescue him before saving the Tieflings in Moonrise Towers. In act 3, he is posted at Ramazith's Tower, as a shopkeeper.

Rolan Notes and Tips : If you have talked to him at the Act 2 inn while he was drunk, you will find him later south of the inn in a quest to find back his siblings. it is recommended to not stay around too long near the two deeper darkness passage on your way as he will be attacked by shadows once you get closer and will fight them himself. if too late, you will have to fight him as a shadowcursed undead. Note that he was at the inn after he was convinced to stay at the grove, unsure if the event occurs if they escaped earlier. His location for Act 2 is X:-55, Y: -120 When you defeat the shadows before they can turn him, he will tell you he's going back to the Last Light Inn. .His location for Act 2 is X:-55, Y: -120.When you defeat the shadows before they can turn him, he will tell you he's going back to the Last Light Inn.If you do not save him before rescuing the Tieflings in Moonrise Towers, Cal and Lia will not show up in Moonrise and will be considered dead. Afterwards in act 3, if you choose to kill Lorroakan, he will side against you for letting his family die. .Afterwards in act 3, if you choose to kill Lorroakan, he will side against you for letting his family die.