Rugan : Rugan is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Rugan can be found at The Risen Road. Rugan is a leader of a caravan that's been ravaged by gnolls. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.    

Where to find Rugan : Can be found at: Act 1.Inside a cave on The Risen Road (X: 45; y: 626).Zhentarim Hideout  

Rugan Quests : Find the missing shipment  

Rugan Dialogue Options : You will encounter Rugan at the entrance of a cave on The Risen Road. Your interactions with him will update the Find the Missing Shipment quest. He will mention the cargo that he needs to be delivered. He mentions that this area has become much more dangerous than before and expresses that you are one of the few friendly faces they've encountered since Elturgard. Respond with the following: Elturgard is quite a distance from here. Where are you headed?.I'll remain friendly, provided you hand over all your goods. Opt for the first choice, and Rugan will inform you that they're on their way to Baldur's Gate to deliver cargo, but they need to make a stop en route. Reply with: Where's that?.Maybe I should accompany you to ensure a safe journey.What exactly are you transporting? Choose the third option, and Rugan will explain that they are transporting trinkets for someone in Baldur's Gate in exchange for Tarenths. The narrator provides a brief explanation of Tarenths as currency used by the Zhentarim. With this knowledge, respond with: You're Zhentarim. Your people deal in more than just 'baubles.'.Many people lost their lives for those baubles.[Intimidation] Whatever your cargo is, I'll consider it as payment.I'll leave. Opt for the first option, and Rugan will be impressed that you recognize their affiliation. He issues a mild warning not to interfere with Zhent business and suggests that you walk away. Respond with: [Intimidation] No, this is where I stop asking and start cutting.[Persuasion] This is your employer's issue, but we can benefit. Let's sell the cargo ourselves.I'll leave. If your charisma is strong enough, you can effectively pick the second choice. Rugan will give you the cargo, but he'll warn that it can't be opened.  You can choose to open the chest using Thieves' Tools. If your dexterity is high enough, the chest will open. Inside, you'll find a Potion of Feather Fall and an Iron Flask. Opening the chest will mark the completion of the "Find the Missing Shipment" quest. Warning: doing so will prevent you to get the Harold crossbow. .You can do what he asks and deliver the package to the Zhentarim Hideout.  He also mentions that he knows someone in Baldur's Gate who can take the cargo from you. He cautions against trying to deceive him because he has connections all over. Rugan invites you to his hideout and tells his associates to expect your arrival. You can also continue to explore the cave, which holds more treasures and chests to discover.   If he survives, the next time you see Rugan is at the Zhentarim Hideout. Your interaction with Zarys will determine what happens next and you can choose to further accept more tasks by offering to work with her.  Zarys and Rugan will welcome you and she will offer you more work for providing her with the shipment still sealed. .Rugan will be strapped to a chair and held captive by Zarys. She wants him killed. This happens if you previously used Persuasion during your interaction and convinced him to sell the cargo themselves. If you took the good path, and Rugan is on good terms with the Zhentarim, you can choose to take her up on her offer for more work.  If Rugan is tied down, your Dialogue options are the following:  [PERSUASION] I've already shown I've got more wits than Rugan. Let's work together.[INTIMIDATION] I'm going to walk out of here alive. Play it right, and so will you.Can we just skip to the killing? If you choose to persuade her and successfully pass the Persuasion check, she will then ask you to deliver the shipment to Baldur's Gate. She also asks that you kill him.  Obey - kill Rugan.I won't do that. Doing so will result in a fight. Saving Rugan awards Karlach approval and Rugan thanking you before running away. .Doing so will result in a fight. Saving Rugan awards Karlach approval and Rugan thanking you before running away. If you obey, Astarion will approve and Rugan will begin to beg. You will ultimately complete the task and you can loot his body afterward to receive: Leather Armour or Ring Mail Armour.Longbow or Crossbow.1-2x Alchemist's Fire.158-161x Gold  

Rugan Stats : 

Rugan General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 28AC: 14Base speed: 0mSize: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Rugan stats : Strength: 12Dexterity: 16Constitution: 12Intelligence: 12Wisdom: 14Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Rugan Passive Features : Opportunity Attack: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. Slashing: NonePiercing: NoneBludgeoning: NoneFire: NoneLightning: NonePsychic: NonePoison: None

Rugan Notable Loot : EXP.Leather Armour or Ring Mail Armour.Longbow or Crossbow.1-2x Alchemist's Fire.158-161x Gold

Rugan Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips.Killing Rugan gives 60 XP If you let Flind and the gnolls get to him, or kill him yourself you can loot him, he drops. Leather Armour or Ring Mail Armour.Longbow or Crossbow.1-2x Alchemist's Fire.158-161x Gold  

Rugan Character Sheet :  