Sovereign Spaw : Sovereign Spaw is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Sovereign Spaw can be found at Underdark. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Sovereign Spaw : Can be found at: Act 1 Underdark  

Sovereign Spaw Related Quests : Defeat the Duergar Intruders.Protect the Myconid Circle.Avenge the Sovereign.Deliver Nere's Head  

Sovereign Spaw Dialogue Options : You encounter the Sovereign Spaw in the Myconid Colony in the Underdark. You'll start to get violent visions when you approach. He will also say that you will find duergar invaders near the lake's edge. Your interactions here will be recorded in your journal for Defeat the Duergar Intruders. Why did these duergar attack?.Sure, I can handle those duergar nearby.What in the hells did you do to that corpse?.Forget it. If you want them dead, you can kill them yourself. .Leave.  If you ask why, choosing the first option he will say the duergar seek a gnome. And you will be able to choose another dialogue option.  Choose the second option and Astarion will approve. Choose the third option and he will say they breathe life into their enemies' flesh. Lets talk about something else.These spores hold such power. How might I gain this knowledge?.The spore-magic is repulsive. You die by my hand!.Leave. If you ask how to gain the knowledge, he will say you may not. Finally, if you choose to help him, you will receive another vision and the journal will be updated for Defeat the Duergar Intruders. If you come back later on, you can choose a dialogue option: The duergar are slain; the rot has been purged. .I have slain the creature called Glut. It was scheming to slaughter your circle. .Leave Choose the first one and Karlach will approve. This will also update the journals for Defeat the Duergar Intruders and Deliver Nere's Head. He will ask that you bring Nere's head.  

Sovereign Spaw Stats : 

Sovereign Spaw General Information : Race: MyconoidHealth: 112AC: 13Base speed: ???Size: mediumWeight: 130kgAttitude: 0

Sovereign Spaw stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 10Constitution: 14Intelligence: 13Wisdom: 15Charisma: 10 Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: +0

Sovereign Spaw Passive Features : Darkvision.Multiattack: Spores.Muscular.Opportunity Attack.Sun Sickness Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Sovereign Spaw Notable Loot : The Sovereign's Key

Sovereign Spaw Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  