Taman : High Half-Elf Level 2 Taman is an NPC and potential Enemy in Baldur's Gate 3. Taman can be found at the Chapel Entrance. Taman is arguing with Gimblebock. He is part of a grave robbing band, consisting of nine other members (Gimblebock, Quelenna, Warryn, Andorn, Torgga, Haseid, Barton, Mari, and Cefrey). They are currently in the process of looting the Dank Crypt but aren't having much success. As you approach, you can hear Gimbelbock mention that while they are trying to enter the Dank Crypt, "Mari and Barton have been trying to break in for days." If you choose a peaceful option, he does not appear later in the game. This encounter appears to exist as a tutorial situation for the player.   

Where to find Taman : Can be found at: Act 1 Ravaged Beach  

Related Quests : Explore the Ruins  

Dialogue Options : As you get near to the chapel entrance, you will find Taman arguing with Gimbleblock. The gnome will start talking to you. He tells you that it's their ship to explore. Here you can attempt some checks to convince them or simple attack them to start combat. I mean no harm - I'm just looking around.[PERSUASION] That ship is full of monsters. I wouldn't go near it.[DECEPTION] I think that ship's an invasion force. Run while you can!.[INTIMIDATION] The only thing you own is your life. Leave before I take that, too.Attack. Other known available Responses: [STRENGTH] I don't want to hurt you, but provoke me, and I'll keep stabbing long after you're dead.[DARK URGE] I am not a competition. I am annihilation.[WARLOCK] That ship's full of poisonous vapours. Probably demonic. I'd stay away.[BARBARIAN] [INTIMIDATION] Not yours- mine. Leave now.[BERSERKER] [INTIMIDATION] MINE.[PALADIN] [INTIMIDATION] Selfish cur - there might be survivors, yet you think only of loot. Leave before I make you leave.[MONK] [INSIGHT] Your loud words hide fear, confusion. Looting that ship will bring you no peace.[GITHYANKI] That is my kin's prize, not yours.[ASTARION ONLY] [INTIMIDATION] Just grin, baring your fangs.   When choosing a response. Most successful responses that avoid a Combat interaction with Gimblebock will gain the approval of Gale ,  Shadowheart and Wyll. Passing the Persuasion check will result in Gimblebock backing off and leaving with the group. Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.Choosing to undergo any variety of Intimidation check and passing will result in Gimblebock backing off with the group. Gale and Shadowheart will approve of this response.Passing the Deception check, will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group. Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Warlock, choosing the WARLOCK option will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group, and Shadowheart will approve of this decision.With Strength available, having a successful Strength dice roll will give you the same results as responding with Intimidation, will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group. Both Gale and Shadowheart will approve of this response.As a Berserker, a successful Intimidation check will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group, Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Paladin, a successful Intimidation check will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group, and Gale, Shadowheart and Wyll will approve of this response, Karlach will disapprove.As a Monk, a successful Insight check will result in Gimblebock backing away with the group, and Gale, Shadowheart and Wyll will approve of this response. Karlach will disapprove.Choosing the Githyanki option will result in Combat.Choose Attack to engage in Combat, and Lae'zel, Astarion, Wyll, and Karlach will approve of this decision.  

Taman Stats : 

General Information : Race: High Half-ElfHealth: 12 || 18 || 23AC: 10Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 55kgAttitude: 0

Stats : Strength: 12Dexterity: 11Constitution: 14Intelligence: 10Wisdom: 10Charisma: 12 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: -

Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Fey Ancestry: The Feywild casts a veil over your mind. You have advantage on saving throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep. Darkvision: Can see in the dark up to 12m. Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Notable Loot : Leather Armor.Longsword.Studded Shield.Thieves' Tools.Trap Disarm Kit.Gold.15 XP

Taman Notes and Tips : There is a large stone block hanging above Taman and Gimblebock. This can be shot down with an arrow or projectile to instantly kill both of them.  