Timber : Timber is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Timber can be found at Druid Grove. Timber Short Description. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Timber : Can be found at: Act 1 Druid Grove, up the elevator.Inside the Secluded Chamber, after the Tieflings have left the grove.  

Timber Related Quests : If you choose to pass a dexterity check, your character will kick the **** out Timber. She will fly into a rock and explode in a puddle of gore. If Astarion is in your party, he will comment, "she is dead." It's very funny.However, if you can speak to animals (potion of animal speaking or the spell), you can get dialogue with these three options after choosing to tell it to calm down: All right, you win. I'm leaving [INTIMIDATION] Back off, squirrel, Or I'll make you. [PERSUASION] There's plenty of room for both of us. .All right, you win. I'm leaving.[INTIMIDATION] Back off, squirrel, Or I'll make you.[PERSUASION] There's plenty of room for both of us.Choosing the PERSUASION option has Timber telling you to stay away from the trees--but will let you in to it's territory. You also receive a reward for Timber's Incentive, "Hyena Ear" which can be made into a potion of speed, giving the player Haste. This is all I've seen so far and I hope I didn't waste a potion of animal speaking.Otherwise, if you choose to kick Timber, you can follow this dialogue: Timber: Get out! Player: kicks Timber. Timber: THUNK .Timber: Get out!.Player: kicks Timber.Timber: THUNK

Timber Stats : 

Timber General Information : Race: ???Health: ???AC: ???Base speed: ???Size: ???Weight: ???Attitude: 0

Timber stats : Strength: ???Dexterity: ???Constitution: ???Intelligence: ???Wisdom: ???Charisma: ??? Proficiency Bonus: ??? Initiative: ???

Timber Passive Features : ??? Slashing: ????Piercing: ????Bludgeoning: ????Fire: ????Lightning: ????Psychic: ????Poison: ????

Timber Notable Loot : ????

Timber Notes and Tips : Timber can be put into your bag after being kicked, and due to their tiny size, can be used as an improvised throwing weapon; spreading their ceaseless rage across the realms.  