True Soul Nere : True Soul of the Absolute Level 5 True Soul Nere is a NPC and potential Boss in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 True Soul Nere can be found at the Grymforge. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   

Where to find True Soul Nere in BG3 : Act 1.Grymforge  

BG3 True Soul Nere Quests : Free True Soul Nere.Deliver Nere's Head  

BG3 True Soul Nere Dialogue Options : N/A  

BG3 True Soul Nere Boss Guide : 

True Soul Nere Boss Tips : True Soul Nere is trapped under the rubble once you reach the dig site at the Grymforge. If you interact with him, he will tell you to hurry in freeing him. If you don't do as he says, and decide to take your time exploring the rest of the Grymforge, True Soul Nere will be dead by the time you return to the dig site. Going to camp with a full grouped party twice or taking a long rest twice will trigger his death. (Don't worry, you can still find all his loot even if you don't fight him) To prevent him from dying is to don't interact with the rubble and explore the rest of the Location at your own pace. This is a long fight, and Nere won't be fighting alone, there are many Duergar that join the fight. You can decide to side with Nere against Brithvar and his rebel forces, or you can instead decide to fight alongside Brithvar and face boh Nere and Sargeant Thrinn and her forces.

True Soul Nere General Information : Race: Lolth-Sworn DrowHealth: 74AC: 12Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 50kgAttitude: 0

True Soul Nere Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction.  Sunlight Sensitivity: While in sunlight, this creature has Disadvantage on attack rolls and Perception checks that rely on sight.  Fey Ancestry: The Feywild casts a veil over your mind. You have Advantage on Saving Throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep. Darkvision

True Soul Nere Abilities : Strength: 17Dexterity: 15Constitution: 15 Intelligence: 18Wisdom: 13Charisma: 18 Proficiency Bonus: +2.Initiative: -

Attacks & Spells : attack1.attack2.spell1.spell2

True Soul Nere Resistances : Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalCold: NormalPoison: NormalPsychic: Resistant

True Soul Nere Rewards : Sword of Screams (Uncommon Rapier).Nere's Head.Broken Moonlantern (Quest item).Disintegrating Night Walkers (Very Rare Boots)

Notes and Tips : If you kill the Duergars and use Detect Thought to pass all the checks, you can save the gnomes without killing Nere.You can push enemies into the magma to instantly kill them, their corpses will still be lootable - you can see the corpses by pressing ALT.  