Viconia DeVir : Viconia DeVir is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Viconia DeVir can be found at the House of Grief Lower City. Viconia DeVir appears in both previous titles in Baldur's Gate 1 and 2, and makes a reappearance in BG3 as the Mother Superior of the Sharran cloister. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Viconia DeVir in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 3 Cloister of Sombre Embrace.House of Grief, Lower City  

BG3 Viconia DeVir Related Quests : Daughter of Darkness.Investigate the House of Grief.Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia  

BG3 Viconia DeVir Dialogue Options : When you encounter Viconia with Shadowheart in the Cloister of Sombre Embrace, she will ask for the Artefact. Shadowheart has nothing to prove to the likes of you.This was a mistake. We shouldn't have come here.Why is the artefact so important to you. .Keep silent.  She will say that the artefact was the one thing the Absolutists feared and they needed to have it. Shar bid you to do all of this?.You thought you could best the Absolute? The githyanki?.I've heard enough. She will continue to say that everything she does is for Shar. You will then have the choice to Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia. This will also affect your journals for the Daughter of Darkness.  She's all yours.Never. If you refuse, you will need to fight them in battle.  If you decide to fight her, you will be given another option to allow Shadowheart to interrogate her. Shadowheart says she needs answers. Make it quick.No, Shadowheart. We've won. you don't need anything from her.Let's kill her.  Allow her to make it quick and she will ask about her parents. She will tell Shadowheart that they are through the door in the Chamber of Loss. As you converse with her, you will be given additional chances to end the conversation and kill her. If you don't choose to kill her she will be spared.  If you kill or loot Viconia, you get Viconia's Walking Fortress, Viconia's Priestess Robe and Handmaiden's Mace. 

BG3 Viconia DeVir Stats : 

Viconia DeVir General Information : Race: Level 11 Lolth-Sworn DrowHealth: 124AC: 20Base speed: ???Size: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Viconia DeVir stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 19Constitution: 10Intelligence: 17Wisdom: 18Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +4 Initiative: +4

Viconia DeVir Passive Features : Shield of Faith.Radiant Retort: Whenever you take radiant damage, reflect it back at your attacker twofold as Force damage.Darkvision.Born into Darkness: This creature can see through magical and non-magical darkness, and cannot be Blinded.Fey Ancestry: You have advantage on Saving Throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep.Magic Resistance: Has Advantage on Saving Throws against spells and other magical effects.Opportunity Attack.Rebuke of the Mighty: When a foe hits you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction, dealing it 2-8 Force damage and knock it Prone unless they succeed a Dexterity Saving Throw.Shadow Ambush: This creature deals an additional 4-32 Necrotic damage when attacking from the shadows.Shar's Umbrae: While obscured, the wearer has Advantage on Stealth Checks.Sharran Veil: Shield of Faith also grants you a +2 bonus to all Saving Throws.Spellguard: You gain Advantage on Saving Throws against spells. Spell Attack Rolls against you have Disadvantage.Sunlight Sensitivity: While in sunlight, this creature has Disadvanthe on Attack Rolls and Perception Checks that rely on sight. None

Viconia DeVir Notable Loot : Viconia's Walking Fortress.Viconia's Priestess Robe.Handmaiden's Mace

BG3 Viconia DeVir Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  