Volo : Volo is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Volo can be first found at the Druid Grove, after the assault by goblin forces. Volo is a writer that tends to exaggerate a little about the real facts that happen around him. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Volo : Can be found at: Act 1 Druid Grove.Goblin Camp.Shattered Sanctum.Camp  

Volo Related Quests : Rescue Volo.Remove the Parasite  

Volo Dialogue Options : Volo will be found talking to a bear, interact with him and he will gladly ask you details about the goblin group that attempted to raid the grove. He will mention that this group of Goblins was yelling about the Absolute, something strange because they usually worship Maglubiyet. This will lead Volo to the Goblin Camp to learn more about this situation.   Volo will be found performing against his will at the center of the Goblin Camp. When he sees your party, he gets incredibly nervous and is taken inside the Shattered Sanctum. This begins the updates of the journal for Rescue Volo.   Volo will be in a cage, while being guarded by Gribbo. Talk to her and you can convince her to give you the Cage Key. Your interaction with her will look like this:  So I see. Do you have plans for this pigeon?.Does your bird have a name?.Leave. If you ask any questions, she will follow up with "Whats it to ya?" Your pet is actually a rather famous writer.I was admiring him. I'd like one of my own.I hate to see such a lovely creature in a cage. .Leave. As the conversation goes on, the symbol will start to glow and you will be presented with some checks:  I've taken a shine to this one. How much do you want for him?.[ILLITHID] [WISDOM] Set him free.[PERSUASION] He looks weak. Sick, even. He won't last long in there.[INTIMIDATION] I'm done talking. Open the cage or you'll be sorry. .[DETECT THOUGHTS] Read her thoughts.Leave. Choose a response and pass the associated check and she will give you the Cage Key to the "pigeon."  You can interact with Volo directly from here. You can ask him about his situation and eventually choose to get him out if you want to free him.  Once freed, you can invite Volo to your camp. He takes a Potion of Invisibility and leaves. This will update Rescue Volo. IMPORTANT: If the player does not release him from his cage before making the goblin camp hostile, Volo will disappear from the cage and his quest line will freeze at "We freed Volo. He'll meet us back at camp" but he will not appear.   When you meet him at the camp, he will give you the Blazer of Benevolence for freeing him. After a few conversations, if you tell him about the tadpole in your head. He affirms he can help you, and his unorthodox methods costs you an eye, which he replaces. This leaves you with a Passive Feature called Volo's Ersatz Eye, allowing you to see Invisible Creatures within 30 feet.  

Volo Stats : 

Volo General Information : Race: HumanHealth: 23 (Tactician)AC: 11Base speed: 9Size: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Volo stats : Strength: 9Dexterity: 12Constitution: 10Intelligence: 15Wisdom: 11Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: -

Volo Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Slashing: NormalPiercing: NormalBludgeoning: NormalFire: NormalLightning: NormalPsychic: NormalPoison: Normal

Volo Notable Loot : N/A

Volo Notes and Tips : Volo is secretly immortal lore-wise because Mystra chose him as a pillar of magic. A secret fail safe in case someone breaks magic again in the form of a Karsus' folly 2.0. No one but Mystra knows this so that not even Volo can accidentally tell this secret and let Mystra's failsafe be known. This explain Volo's unusually long life as a human and his incredible luck which are supposed to be Mystra's blessing  