Zethino : Zethino is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Zethino can be found at Circus of The Last Days. Zethino is a dryad who is part of of the Circus of The Last Days. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Zethino : Can be found at: Act 3 Circus of The Last Days  

Zethino Related Quests : N/A  

Zethino Dialogue Options : If you're in a relationship with anyone, she'll ask if you're in love when you speak to her, to which you have the following responses: I do love someone - someone close to me, actually.I have no time for love.I care only for myself.  If you pick the first option, she'll ask you to bring the one you love to her so that she can test your love for one another. The following part of the walkthrough will be for those who have chosen Shadowheart as their love interest. When you take Shadowheart to Zethino, she'll transport the both of you to a plane within your minds. She'll then ask you a series of questions about Shadowheart to test how much you know about her. The first quest is 'From where does Shadowheart draw comfort on a cold, dark night?'. You'll get the following options: Good company and an even better vintage.Judging others.A blanket? The right answer here is the first. Your next question will be 'How does one earn the dark-haired maiden's respect?'. Being discreet.Showing shrewd judgment.Being kind to animals.Farting on a Selûnite. The right answer once again will be the first answer. The final question will be 'Shadowheart - what is her deepest shame?'. She doesn't know who she is, or where she belongs.She can't swim.Her hair. The right answer here will be the second one. If you get all three questions right, Zethino will congratulate you for having a true bond with Shadowheart and Shadowheart will gain Inspiration.  

Zethino Stats : 

Zethino General Information : Race: FeyHealth: 80AC: 12Base speed: N/ASize: MediumWeight: 55kgAttitude: N/A

Zethino stats : Strength: 10Dexterity: 12Constitution: 11Intelligence: 14Wisdom: 15Charisma: 18 Proficiency Bonus: N/A Initiative: 1

Zethino Passive Features : Grasp of the forest.Magic Resistance.Opportunity Attack Magic Resistance

Zethino Notable Loot : N/A

Zethino Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  