Zevlor : Hellrider ExileLevel 3 Zevlor is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3. Zevlor can be found at the Druid Grove. Zevlor is the leader of the Tieflings refugees, residing at the Druid Grove.  There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.   

Where to find Zevlor : Can be found at: Act 1 Druid Grove.Note: The map might be a little misleading. It shows he's on a raised part of the cave that is only accessible by a character with enough strength to jump up there (where Lakrissa is sitting down). But you have to walk down farther into the cave until you see a Stone Door on your left. He's in there.

Zevlor Related Quests : Save the Refugees  

Zevlor Dialogue Options : As you approach the Druid Grove, you will find out a small group of adventurers, led by Aradin, being chased out by goblins. After the events at the gate of the Druid Grove, you will find both Aradin and Zevlor arguing about the goblin attack. Your next set of choices will look like this: Where there's one goblin, there's ten. I'm leaving before the horde shows up.One fight just ended, and now you're picking another? Relax.Druid? Those goblins didn't take any prisoners.You can cough up my payment any time now. Choosing the second option will just make Zevlor provoke Aradin in some way. Then they go back and forth insulting each other. Your next set of choices will look like this: [INTIMIDATION] If you want me to take both of you down, I will. Otherwise, knock it off.Stand back and watch.[PERSUASION] More violence won't bring back those you lost. Stop and think. If you successfully pass the Persuasion check skill check will make Zevlor say you're right and there's too much at stake. Aradin then makes another side comment to insult Zevlor but he didn't bite back and says squabbling is pointless since the goblins already found their camp. You will also receive approval from Shadowheart and Gale for choosing the third option. When they finish arguing, talk to him to learn about what is going on at the Druid Grove. The Druids are performing a rite that will close out the grove for everyone but themselves, thus leaving the Tieflings on the road. This is dangerous for them because they aren't fighters, and his company is made of many children, incapable of fighting. He tells you to seek Kagha, the druid in charge, to try to reason with her and prevent the completion of the rite. You can wrap up the conversation with the following dialogue: I'll see what I can do. .I'm sorry. I've got my own problems.I have my own temporal concerns. I need a healer. .What are you offering for my aid?  Agree to his request and your Journal will be updated for: Get Help from Healer Nettie, but Astarion will disapprove. Gale and Karlach will approve. Kagha is decided to complete the rite. Tell Zevlor this and he will see few options besides killing her. He suggests you side with Wyll to try to take on the three goblin leaders. (True Soul Gut, Minthara and Dror Ragzlin). If you manage to stop the Druids from performing the rite, either by exposing Kagha and her work with the Shadow Druids, or by killing her. You will still have to deal with the goblins' leaders to grant the tieflings safe passage to Baldur's Gate.  Once you do, you can return to the Druid Grove, and the tieflings will be readying their caravan to leave. Before that, you will receive a Patched-together Sack. Open it to find Wapira's Crown among other things like a Potion of Healing.  When you see Zelvor again, he will give you an additional task and ask you to fight: Kill the goblin horde's leaders? I'll see what I can do.That depends - can you pay me?.This isn't my problem. .I'm not interested. you'll go now, as Kagha says, or I'll force you.  If you accept the task, Astarion will disapprove.    When you return to Emerald Grove he would've told you about some updates he heard from a scout if you progressed through Defeat the Goblins. He will offer to pay for your help as a reward and you have the option to reject his payment. This will complete Defeat the Goblins.    

Zevlor Stats : 

Zevlor General Information : Race: Asmodeus TieflingHealth: 34AC: 14Base speed: 9mSize: MediumWeight: 60kgAttitude: 0

Zevlor stats : Strength: 14Dexterity: 10Constitution: 12Intelligence: 16Wisdom: 12Charisma: 16 Proficiency Bonus: +2 Initiative: -

Zevlor Passive Features : Attack of Opportunity: Automatically attack an enemy moving out of your reach. This uses a Reaction. Hellish Resistance: Your blood protects you from flame, abyssal or otherwise. You have resistance to Fire and take only half damage from it.   Fire: Resistant  

Zevlor Notable Loot : Hellrider's Pride.Longsword.Potato.Scale Mail.Supply Pack.Zevlor's Key

Zevlor Notes and Tips : Zevlor is a former Hellrider, the Elite Elturian Cavalry. A legendary city guard unit that outmatches some armies. His reward Hellrider's Pride for helping out the refugees also reference his Hellrider past.   