Cazador Szarr : Cazador Szarr is an NPC and an Boss/Enemy in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Cazador Szarr can be found at the Szarr Palace in the Lower City. Cazador Szarr is the vampire lord and Astarion was previously his Vampire Spawn. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Cazador Szarr in BG3 : Can be found at: Act 3 Cazador's Dungeon, Lower City  

BG3 Cazador Szarr Related Quests : Investigate Cazador's Palace.The Pale Elf  

BG3 Cazador Szarr Dialogue Options : Cazador Szarr will be encountered in the Cazador's Dungeon, Lower City. Your interactions with him will be affected by whether or not Astarion is in your party. Your actions will end in Combat.  Afterward, you can decide his and Astarion's fate by allowing Astarion to ascend in his place or by convincing him not to. Most outcomes lead to his death.  All right, what do you need?.If I help you complete the ritual, it will kill all these people.Didn't you hear him? If I complete the ritual, you'll be consumed. .I'm not doing this.  Your choices during this interaction will directly affect The Pale Elf.  

BG3 Cazador Szarr Stats : 

Cazador Szarr General Information : Race: VampireHealth: 208AC: 21Base speed: ???Size: MediumWeight: 75kgAttitude: 0

Cazador Szarr stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 18Constitution: 18Intelligence: 17Wisdom: 15Charisma: 18 Proficiency Bonus: +4 Initiative: +9

Cazador Szarr Passive Features : Alert: You gain a +5 bonus to Initiative and can't be Surprised.Arcane Enchantment: You gain a +1 bonus to Spell Save DC and spell attack rolls.Arcane Vampirism: When the creature affected by your spells fail any associated Saving Throws regain 1-4 hit points.Improved Extra Attack.Opportunity Attack.Sunlight Hypersensitivity: This creature takes 20 Radiant damage if it starts its turn in sunlight. While sunlit, it has Disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.Vampire Regeneration: The vampire regains 20 hit points at the start of its turn if it isn't in sunlight. Or has taken radiant damage or damage from holy water, in which case this trait doesn't function the start of its next turn. Slashing: HalvedPiercing: HalvedBludgeoning: HalvedNecrotic: Halved

Cazador Szarr Notable Loot : Woe.Rhapsody.Skull Of Velioth.Pelorsun Blade.Szarr Family Ring

Cazador Szarr Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips  