Disable the Steel Watch : Disable the Steel Watch is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Disable the Steel Watch can be acquired during Act III and it is a branching subquest for the main questline Get Gortash's Netherstone. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Disable the Steel Watch Objectives : Orin told us not to underestimate Gortash's Steel Watch. She mentioned they come from the Lower City. We should find where they are made.Wulbren, leader of the Ironhand Gnomes, wants to disrupt Gortash's tyrannical rule by taking down his Steel Watch. He's made a runepowder bomb that can blow up the Steel Watch Foundry.Gortash is protected by the Steel Watchers. We need to figure out how to disable the Steel Watch.Barcus pleaded with us not to use the runepowder bomb, saying it will kill the Gondians in the Steel Watch Foundry. He wants us to find a peaceful solution. We have Wulbren's runepowder bomb, which can destroy the Steel Watch Foundry. The Foundry is in the Lower City, down by the docks.We learned that the Steel Watchers are being assembled in the Steel Watch Foundry down by the Lower City docks. We've reached the Steel Watch Foundry. Now we need to find a way to disable the Steel Watch.We've reached the Steel Watch Foundry. Now to find the perfect place to use the runepowder bomb.We found where the Steel Watchers are being assembled - the Steel Watch Foundry. If we destroy the Foundry, we'll severely weaken Gortash's hold on the city.We met Zanner Toobin, one of the Gondians being forced to build the Steel Watch. He said if they don't comply, the Banites will kill both them and their families - who are being held hostage at a secret location. He'll help us destroy the Foundry if we find and rescue their families. Zanner Toobin, one of the Gondians, agreed to help us destroy the Steel Watch Foundry. We have to guide him to the lower levels of the facility.We learned the sequence to force the Foundry to self-destruct. We need to get to the Neurocitor, which lies in the lower levels of the facility.Toobin died, and can no longer help us destroy the Foundry.We reached the heart of the Steel Watch Foundry - the Neurocitor. If we use Wulbren's runepowder bomb on it, it should be enough to destroy the Foundry.We no longer have Wulbren's runepowder bomb. We need to find another way to destroy the Foundry. The Steel Watch Foundry was destroyed. Every Steel Watcher in the city has now been disabled.We dealt with Gortash without disabling the Steel Watch.  

Disable the Steel Watch Walkthrough : Disable the Steel Watch  is a subquest to Get Gortash's Netherstone.  Youcan enter the the Steel Watch Foundry (X:-236 Y:-180) by open the front gates. Head inside and reach the main door (X:-292 Y:-172) you will need to pass the Sleight of Hand Dexterity Skill Check with a DC of 20 to lock pick the door. Once you head in, you will have to look for Gondian Zanner Toobin. The door to the security office (X:-311 Y:-165) is locked, you will need to pass the Sleight of Hand Dexterity Skill Check with a DC of 15 to lock pick the door. Gondian Zanner Toobin should be inside.   (You can jump to Steel Watch Foundary through See Queen's Temple)  (Infiltrate Steel Watch Foundary from roof.)  (Use the Vent X-246, Y-126 to get inside.) Alternativly, you can jump to Steel Watch Foundary dock or enter the Foundary through the windows on roof. There is also a vent that you can use in small size characters. (Diguise self, turn into smoke, or use Wild Shape) Talk to Zanner Toobin. You will have the following dialogue options. I'm Barb - I'm here to take down the Steel Watch.If I tell you, won't you go running to the guards?.I'm here for entertainment - and it's been quite the show so far. Choosing dialog 1 will worry Gondian and asks you to leave. He tells you about the collar. You will have the following dialogue options. Can't you remove the collars?.If everyone who wears a collar is helping to build the Steel Watch, killing you all may be a good thing.I'll kill all the overseers. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Gondian give you information about the overseers and the collars. You will have the following dialogue options. Rise up in unison - they can't stop you all.It's worth the risk - worst case scenario, you die fighting.You're cowards. Choosing dialog 1 explains that the overseers kept their families as well. You will have the following dialogue options. There's always a way. Will you fight back if I free your families?.The Steel Watchers are tools of oppression - building them makes you complicit with the oppressors.It's selfish to value your families more than an entire city. Choosing dialogue 1 will gain the approval of Wyll, and Jaheira. Gondian agrees to fight back if their families are free. You will have the following dialogue options. Where are your families being held?.How do you intend to help me? Choosing dialogue 1 will have Gondian tell you where they are being kept. This will end the conversation. Head over to Tamia Holzt (X:-290 Y:-154) and speak with her. If you choose to fight Banite cultists inside the Steel Watch Foundary, you can pass a intimidation or persuasion check to let Gondians join you. Otherwise, they will ben too afraid to help you. Once Tamia Holzt is killed, you can deactive the Motivator with a Intellect check (DC 5). You can destroy the de foundary in 3 ways, one is to use the explosive given by Wulbren. The other is to free the captured Gondians and get the help from Zanner Toobin. Freeing the Gondians also make them possible allies in the final battle. (Gather Your Allies) Finally, you can kill Zanner, and use Speak with the Dead to learn how to disable the Neurocitor in the heart of the control centre. The Gondians are kept in Iron Throne, where you can only access using the submarine in the basement of Flymm Cargo. (Quest Save the Gondians and Avenge the Drowned will lead you to this location. Killing Gortash makes Iron Throne impossible to enter, everyone inside will be dead, the submarine will dissappear and Redhammer, if still alive, will leave his resignation letter where he was found.)  Note once you entered Iron Throne, there will be no cooperation with Gortash.  Make your team combat ready and prepare spells like Dimensional Portal, Haste etc. You need to save as as many Gondians as you can (along with Duke Ravengard and Omeluum) in 6 turns. If you turned down Mizora's offer before, she will summon some explosive enemies to stop you here. Once you freed the Gondians, you can return to Zanner Toobin and head to the basement of Steel Watch Foundary. You can fight your way or sneak to the Control Centre Antechamber on the western side of the facility.The hallway leads to control room has multple containers for Steel Watcher brains, you can interact with them and learn how's steel watches doing in the city, but you cann't extract tadpoles here.  The control room is guarded by Steel Watch Titan and 3 Hellfire Watchers. Defeat them to use the Neurociter.      

 How to unlock Disable the Steel Watch : Disable the Steel Watch is a subquest to Get Gortash's Netherstone.  

Disable the Steel Watch Rewards : Rewards  

Disable the Steel Watch Notes & Tips : If you complete this quest before attending Gortash's coronation, Wyrm's Rock Fortress will be a hostile area when you return. You will get a quest update that Ravengard is dead when entering Wyrms Rock Fortress.  