Dragonborn : Dragonborn is a Race that will be added in Baldur's Gate 3. Dragonborns primary ability is Strength. Note, the info on this page is based on data mining and DND player books and is subject to change.   A proud race that values clan and skills above all else. Once enslaved by dragons, they strive to be self-sufficient, not wanting to be beholden to anyone, not even the gods.   

Dragonborn Traits: : Draconic Ancestry. You are distantly related to a particular kind of dragon. Choosing your dragon ancestor determines the damage and area of your breath weapon, and the type of resistance you gain: Black Dragonborn: Acid (DEX save).Blue Dragonborn: Lightning (DEX save).Brass Dragonborn: Fire (DEX save).Bronze Dragonborn: Lightning (DEX save).Copper Dragonborn: Acid (DEX save).Gold Dragonborn: Fire (DEX save).Green Dragonborn: Poison (CON save).Red Dragonborn: Fire (DEX save).Silver Dragonborn: Cold (CON save).White Dragonborn: Cold (CON save).Breath Weapon: You can use your action to exhale destructive energy. It deals damage in an area according to your ancestry. When you use your breath weapon, all creatures in the area must make a saving throw, the type of which is determined by your ancestry. The DC of this saving throw is 8 + your Constitution modifier + your proficiency bonus. A creature takes 2d6 damage on a failed save, and half as much damage on a successful one. Damage increases to 3d6 at level 6 and 4d6 at level 11. After using your breath weapon, you cannot use it again until you complete a long rest.

Dragonborn Subraces: : Black Dragonborn.Blue Dragonborn.Brass Dragonborn.Bronze Dragonborn.Copper Dragonborn.Gold Dragonborn.Green Dragonborn.Red Dragonborn.Silver Dragonborn.White Dragonborn

Dragonborn Physical Appearance: : Description  

Dragonborn Tips & Notes : In other sources, the Dragonborn race features +2 Strength and +1 Charisma. This will be changed on the full launch of BG3 and the Ability Score points are now associated with the Class that players will choose.Most dragonborn have a conal breath, the only exception is Brass subrace which has a column shaped breath.If romancing Lae'zel, dragonborn will gain higher approval with red dragonborn gaining the most.    