Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite : Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3.    

Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite Objectives : We mentioned the parasite to Blurg, a hobgoblin. His colleague, a mind flayer named Omeluum, offered to examine it. Perhaps it can cure us? The mind flayer couldn't extract the parasite, but offered us a way to negate the magic protecting it. To help us, Omeluum requires a Tongue of Madness mushroom and some Timmask Spores. We can find both of these in the mysterious tower nearby.We found the Tongue of Madness. We'll need to bring it back to Omeluum along with the Timmask Spores.We found some Timmask Spores. We'll need to bring them back to Omeluum once we find the Tongue of Madness.We lost some of the mushrooms that Omeluum asked for. We'll have to find some replacements before it can help us.The tower belongs to a cleric of Mystra named Lenore. She is fond of gardening and experimenting on plants such as the Susser Tree. Before Omeluum can start the procedure, we'll need to drink a potion it made from the mushrooms we found.  The potion Omeluum gave us only made the parasite stronger - unlocking a strange, new power. To calm it down, Omeluum is willing to trade us a Ring of Mind-Shielding.  We've acquired Omeluum's Ring of Mind-Shielding. It might protect its wearer from the parasite's influence.We left the area before Omeluum could help. We'll need to find a cure somewhere else.We picked a fight with the Society of Brilliance - Omeluum won't be helping us now.Omeluum died. We'll have to keep looking for a way to deal with the parasite.  

Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite Walkthrough : Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite is a subquest for Find a Cure. In the Underdark, Myconid Colony, look for Blurg (X:100 Y:-89), speak to him and Omeluum, a mind flayer, will come into the conversation as well asking if you would like to get your parasite removed. This will give you the following dialogue options. Yes. Absolutely.A mind flayer?! Die.An illithid is your friend? How is that possible?.Sorry, Omeluum. I'd rather not. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum ask to examine you. This will give you the following dialogue options. Relax and let Omeluum's mind search your own.Never mind. I'm done with mind flayers touching me. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum examine your mind with his, reveals to you that your parasite is different and is infused with strange magic. This will give you the following dialogue options. Can you extract the tadpole?.What happens if that stasis goes away? Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Omeluum cannot take out the parasite without great damage and trauma. This will give you the following dialogue options. That doesn't sound ideal.Don't waste my time. Say what you mean. Choosing dialogue 1 reveals that if Omeluum performed the extraction, you could die. But he is willing to perform another examination if you transform. This will give you the following dialogue options. Tell Omeluum about the strange mind flayer ship you were on.Thanks for the information.All that probing was useless in the end. Choosing dialogue 1 intrigues Omeluum, he talks about his time at the war ships. This gives you the remaining dialogue options. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Omeluum mention his idea on bypassing the stasis on the on parasite. This will give you the following dialogue options. Bypass? What kind of alchemy are we talking about?.Isn't the stasis why the tadpole hasn't killed me yet?.No, I'm done with all this. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Omeluum have you acquire a fresh tongue of madness and timmask spores for him, he explains that those items are rare and could be dangerous to acquire. This will give you the following dialogue options. Eating those doesn't sound like a great idea.Lovely. So where do I find these mushrooms?.That's too risky of an experiment for me. Count me out.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Blurg explain where you can find them, and who you can talk to for the items. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why would a cleric have a bunch of dangerous mushrooms?.Where does this Lenore live?.All right. I'll come back when I find the mushrooms.Good to know. I have other priorities right now.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Blurg tell you she was last seen in the southwest but has a tendency to move. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why would a cleric have a bunch of dangerous mushrooms?.All right. I'll come back when I find the mushrooms.Good to know. I have other priorities right now.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Omeluum dismiss you. Head down to the southwest until you reach the Arcane Tower, once you reach there, there will be turrets you will have to destroy, you will have to destroy them with lightning magic. Once thats complete, head to the back of the tower. You will see some Susser flowers, pick them up and it will create an anti magic field. Go through the door at the back of the tower, you will see a generator.  Put the susser flowers into the generator and start it up, this will light up the tower. Head upstairs to explore and pick up the mushrooms along the way. After picking the mushrooms, head back to Blurg and Omeluum, and interact with Omeluum, This will give you the following dialogue options. How did you escape your colony?.How do you survive? Don't you need  Brains?.Refresh my memory - what do you need for the potion?.I found those mushrooms you were looking for.There's no trusting a mind flayer. Attack.Leave. Choosing dialogue 4 will have Omeluum examines and prepares the potion. He tells you to drink the potion. This will give you the following dialogue options. Drink the potion.What exactly is this going to do to me?.I need some time to prepare. Choosing dialogue 1 will have you drink the entire bottle, Omeluum praises you for this. He tells you the precautions after drinking the potion. This will give you the following dialogue options. [SAVING THROW] Draw on your willpower and resist.[SAVING THROW] Focus on the present, not the illusions.Stare into the swirling abyss Choosing dialogue 3 makes you feel the parasite going deeper into your brain. This will give you the following dialogue options. [SAVING THROW] Drown out the tadpole by focusing on a tune.[SAVING THROW] Resist the panic from within.[SAVING THROW] Wall off your mind from the psionic seizure.Let the terror take you. Choosing dialogue 4 will cause the parasite to grow in power, it affects Omeluum as well, making him feel unsettled. This will give you the following dialogue options. I felt it grow inside me. There's more power than ever.That potion of yours could have killed me. The tadpole almost did the same.You were supposed to make it weaker, not stronger! Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Omeluum did not expect this outcome. This will give you the following dialogue options. So I went through all this and the tadpole's still lodged in my brain?.What's next? Cutting off my own head?.I supposed it's not all bad. More power is better than less. Choosing dialogue 1 reveals that Omeluum has another solution, but a temporary one. He continues to explain the Ring of Shielding that will limit the influence of the parasite. He further explains that the ring was a priceless gift and asks what you have to offer him in exchange. This will give you the following dialogue options. Why didn't you mention the ring before this potion debacle?.I have gold. Will that suit?.No, I want this power. Keep your ring.How about I tell you more about the nautiloid? Every last detail.[INTIMIDATE] Either give me the ring, or I'll run you through.[BARD][PERFORMANCE] Perform the tale of your adventures so far: 'The Ballad of Brains, Brine Pools and Balderdash.'.Leave. Option 2 will open a trading menu where the ring can be bought for 175 gold. Choosing option 5 and passing a DC20 Intimidation Charisma Check will result in you gaining the ring and Shadowheart's approval (+1). The same will be achieved by selecting option 4 and passing a DC15 check in either Performance Charisma or Intelligence. Option 5 and passing a D15 Performance Charisma Check results in you gaining the ring. All options end Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite.

How to unlock Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite : Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite is a subquest for Find a Cure.  

Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite Rewards : Ring of Mind-Shielding 

Help Omeluum Investigate the Parasite Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here    