Investigate the Murders : Investigate the Murders is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Investigate the Murders can be acquired during Act 3 and is part of the overall quest to Get Orin's Netherstone. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Investigate the Murders Walkthrough : You can learn that a serious murders happened in Baldur's Gate from Gortash, or step into murder scenes of Duke Belynne Stelmane on 2nd floor of Elfsong Tarven. If you complete quest Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders, inspector Valeria also directs to Elfsong Tarven.There are multiple crime scenes you can investigate in Baldur's Gate. And you can collect the body parts of Dribbles the Clown in these scenes.On upper floor of Fraygo's Flophouse, use Speak with the Dead on Ffion Goldgrind reveals that the murderer is her son Dolor, who killed killed her after she found he is a serial killer. (Quest Find the 'Stern Librarian' Ffion).In the secret room in Fraygo's Flophouse (require key with a flower motif from quest Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders, or Knock spell, or lockpick DC 25). You can find a Bloodstained Parchment， which contains the murder list. (You can give it to Valeria or Devella as hard evidence of a Bhaalist plot.).The murder list are: Father Lorgan (Deceased): In the infirmary of the Open Hand Temple. Duke Belynne Stelmane (Deceased): Upper floor of the Elfsong Tavern. Alexander Rainforest (Deceased): In a bed on the top floor of Rainforest's Home. Franc Peartree (Deceased): On the ground in Peartree's Home. Cora Highberry (alive): Found at The Wine Festival. Figaro Pennygood (alive): Inside Facemaker's Boutique. Chef Roveer (alive).: In the kitchen of the Elfsong Tavern. Nesha Leesha (alive): Outside of the Blushing Mermaid. .Father Lorgan (Deceased): In the infirmary of the Open Hand Temple.Duke Belynne Stelmane (Deceased): Upper floor of the Elfsong Tavern.Alexander Rainforest (Deceased): In a bed on the top floor of Rainforest's Home.Franc Peartree (Deceased): On the ground in Peartree's Home.Cora Highberry (alive): Found at The Wine Festival.Figaro Pennygood (alive): Inside Facemaker's Boutique.Chef Roveer (alive).: In the kitchen of the Elfsong Tavern.Nesha Leesha (alive): Outside of the Blushing Mermaid.You can warn Chef Roveer about the murder polt, but he seems not take it seriously and give you a quest to clear the rats in basement. (Quest Roveer's Storehouse).You can find Nesha Leesha at the dock near Blushing Mermaid. You need to pass a Persuasion check DC 15 to convince her she is in danger.When you reach the Wine Festival in Lower City, speak to Cora Highberry and you will notice that the wine is poisoned if you succeed in the perception check. Stop her from drinking forces "Master Meztli" to reveal himself as serial killer Dolor. Dolor will try to escape with dimision door and leave you to fight some doppelgangers(drop Tombstone Shop Key). If you can kill him here (by counter Dolor's spell or finish him in 1 turn), you stopped the killing and can learn how to enter Candulhallow's Tombstones. Read the note on Dolor and take the hands of his victims, you need these to enter the Temple of Bhaal.If you failed to stop him, you can still learn the identity of this serial from investigating other crime scenes. Read the notes on these scenes, cast Speak with Dead spells, or talk with the animals all gives you the lead you need.Figaro Pennygood can be found in Facemaker's Boutique. If you failed to kill Dolor at Wine Festival, you can fight him here. .Alternatively, instead of stoping the murders, you can kill the victims on the list by yourself. After you killed 2 vicitms, Olfaith Olumssdottir will direct you to Canduhallow's Tombstones and a passoword "Sicarius".After you learned the password and get the bag of hands from Dolor, head to Murder Tribunal from Canduhallow's Tombstones. You need to remove the Painting called Butterfly on Skull, and press the button to reveal the entrance. You need to hand in bag of hands from Dolor (Investigate the Murders) or the hand of Gortash to gain entry to Murder Tribunal. Or you can fight That Which Guards.In the Murder Tribunal, you will face Sarevok Anchev (Final Boss of BG1 and a Child of Bhaal), Echo of Sendai (Drow Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB ), Echo of Illasera (Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB) and the Echo of Amelyssan (final boss of BG2:TOB). Either prove to them you are a holy assassin of Bhaal by killing hollyphant investigator, Valeria. (And Minsc and Jaheira if they are with you.) Or defeat Sarevok (Lv 16 fighter).Afterwards, you get Amulet of Bhaal, which is necessary to enter Temple of Bhaal.    

Investigate the Murders Objectives : Gortash told us how to find Orin the Red - follow the spate of murders across the city. The Open Hand Temple may be a good place to start. Duke Stelmane was ritualistically killed at the Elfsong Tavern shortly before our arrival into the city. We should investigate - it may help us find the Lord of Murder's Chosen. The Flaming Fist have found elaborate, ritualistic murder scenes around the city. They could be Bhaalist - and could lead us to Orin.Gauntlet Devella asked us to check out an elaborate murder scene that could be Bhaalist in nature. It could lead us to Orin the Red. Father Lorgan's name appears on a target list we found - tying his murder into a test for cultists to access the Temple of Bhaal. We should Investigator Valeria. Investigator Valeria is now convinced Father Lorgan's murder is linked to a wider plot - and has asked us to bring the news to her constable, Gauntlet Devella, in the Lower City's Elfsong Tavern.We found a target list for Bhaalist assassins hoping to access the Temple of Bhaal - presumably where we'll find Orin. Duke Stelmane's on this list. We should inform Gauntlet Devella. We found a list of targets for Bhaalist murderers - the only victims left alive are in the Lower City. The murderers following this list are trying to gain access to the Temple of Bhaal, presumably where we'll find Orin.We confirmed Franc Peartree was dead, as the Bhaalist target list noted. We should check on the other victims too.One of the victims from the Bhaalist target list told us his killer was dressed in red. We should track down the remaining victims before they strike again.We confirmed Alexander Rainforest was dead, as the Bhaalist target list noted. We should check on the other victims too.One of the victims from the Bhaalist target list told us his killer was dressed in red. We should track down the remaining victims before they strike again.A talkative rat in a Bhaalist victim's cellar saw the murderer - a dwarf dressed in red. We should track down the remaining victims before they strike again.Chef Roveer is dead by our hands - we should check in on the other victims from the Bhaalist target list.We warned Chef Roveer of the Bhaalist target list he's on - we should do the same for the other marked targets.Nesha Leesha is dead by our hands - we should check in on the other victims from the Bhaalist target list.We warned Nesha Leesha of the Bhaalist target list she's on - we should do the same for the other marked targets.Figaro Pennygood is dead by our hands - we should check in on the other victims from the Bhaalist target list.We warned Figaro Pennygood of the Bhaalist target list he's on - we should do the same for the other marked targets.Gauntlet Devella is convinced the target list we found is linked to a wider Bhaalist plot. She asked us to follow the people noted on the list, save them if possible, and get more information about the Bhaalist cult. We discovered Cora Highberry, one of the people noted on the Bhaalist target list, slaughtered brutally. Figaro Pennygood is next on the list - we need to find him before the killer does.We saved Cora Highberry from a Bhaalist serial killer disguised as a wine merchant. Figaro Pennygood is next on the target list - we need to find him before the killer does.Cora Highberry was slaughtered by a Bhaalist serial killer disguised as a wine merchant. Figaro Pennygood is next on the target list - we need to find him before the killer does.We stopped a spree of murders by taking down the killer - a dwarf named Dolor. We should check his body for any clues about finding the Bhaalist cult. The next victim on the Bhaalist target list is the late Figaro Pennygood. We should check his place - see if the killer stopped by and left any clues. We found a note on Figaro Pennygood's corpse instructing his killer to enter Candulhallow's Tombstones with a passphrase - seems as though the Bhaalist cult may be there.We found a note in the killer Dolor's pockets, instructing him to enter Candulhallow's Tombstones with a passphrase - seems the Bhaalist cult may be there.We learned the passphrase we must speak at Candulhallow's Tombstones to meet with the Bhaalist cult. We spoke the passphrase to enter Candulhallow's Tombstones - we should explore within to find the Bhaal cult. Justice Sarevok is dead by our hands - we should speak to his hollyphant captive before heading to the Temple of Bhaal. Investigator Valeria told us where to find the Temple of Bhaal - Orin awaits us there.With Justice Sarevok and Investigator Valeria dead, we must search the Tribunal for a way of accessing the Temple of Bhaal.We became Unholy Assassins of Bhaal at the cost of Investigator Valeria's life - we wetted ourselves with her blood and were granted a way to access the Temple of Bhaal.We defeated the Justice Sarevok and his Murder Tribunal, stopping the serial killings in Baldur's Gate for now. To end them for good, we must find Orin.Justice Sarevok is dead by our hands - we can use his amulet to enter the Temple of Bhaal.  

 How to unlock Investigate the Murders : Acquired after Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders and talk to Inspector Valeria.  

Investigate the Murders Rewards : Rewards  

Investigate the Murders Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  