Raphael : Raphael is an NPC in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Raphael can be found at Camp. Raphael is a cambion (or part devil) that disguises himself as a man when first introduced.  There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party have taken on.   

Where to find Raphael in BG3 : Can be found at: If one has not interacted with Raphael at any point, he will force the interaction at several locations. ACT 1 POSSIBLE SPAWN Locations Druid's Grove, just outside of the Ritual Area towards the beach and the bard.Hidden Cache between bridge and crashed nautiloid.Selune Temple in the Underdark, approaching the statue with the gem directed at the two statues outside that attack if you get too close.Blighted Village just prior to the broken bridge, and after the barn where a rambunctious couple are playing checkers.Goblin Camp, in the Central Building. Occurred top of the ladder near Priestess True Soul Gut.If you somehow managed to avoid all of this Spawn spots (IE Jumping from Druid's Grove into Risen Road area where you recruit Karlach and then end up into the Mountain Pass) THEN HE WILL SPAWN IN CAMP. Allowing you to farm approval points with Companions Act 1 Random encounter after saving emerald grove, once you hit a radius he will spawn to speak with you  Act 2  At the entrance of the mausoleum to fight his mortal enemy  Act 3 Sharess' Caress.House of Hope

BG3 Raphael Related Quests : Removing the Parasite  

BG3 Raphael Dialogue Options : After introducing himself, Raphael teleports you to a fancy dining room. Always talking in riddles, he tells you to enjoy the food warning that it might be your last meal. After asking Raphael where is he going with his statements, he reveals his true form as a devil. Here you can respond when he says that the feast might be your last: What makes you say that?.I'm getting tired of your games.Are these theatrics leading somewhere? .Ignore him and fill your plate If you ignore him, he will carry on the conversation.  Draw your weapon.What makes you think I need saving? .Why would you help me? .I don't care what you are - I care what you want.  If you decide to draw your weapon, Raphael will deescalate the situation and offers to fix your situation.  Ask him why would he help you. Asking Raphael this, he says he is a compassionate being and knows of your situation with the tadpole inside your head, stating that for him it would be extremely easy to fix. I'll do anything to get rid of the tadpole.I need to think this over.You're mad if you think I'll make a deal with a. devil.Then fix it - or die at my hand.  Call him mad and Astarion, Lae'zel, and Shadowheart will approve.  And if I do want to take this deal - how would I find you?.I'll have the last laugh in the end. .Take me back. After that, I never want to see you again.I'll rip out your mocking tongue.  If you ask him how to find him, he'll say he'll be watching you. Raphael will eventually send you back.  

BG3 Raphael Stats : 

Raphael General Information : Race: CambionHealth: 666AC: 27Base speed: ???Size: MediumWeight: 90kgAttitude: 0

Raphael stats : Strength: 18Dexterity: 25Constitution: 17Intelligence: 14Wisdom: 13Charisma: 19 Initiative: +7

Raphael Notable Loot : Helldusk Armour.Raphael's Diary Chapter #1,2,3.126 Gold.1400 XP

Raphael Notes and Tips : With relative low WIS, Raphael is vulnerable to control spells like Hold Monster, Otto's Irresistible Dance.Telling Raphael you will not take his deal earns you approval from all companions.If True Soul Gut locks you up in the Shattered Sanctum, but you are unable to pass both checks to release the chains. An assassin sent by Raphael will take care of her and her bodyguard. She will free you afterwards.Raphael has a numerous possible spawn locations in Act 1.If you managed somehow avoid EVERY AND ALL spawn locations, then he will spawn at camp.  