Astarion : Astarion is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Astarion can be met early in Act 1 while players explore the beach on the crash site of the Nautiloid. Astarion is a High-Elf Rogue, and a useful addition to your party thanks to his trickery skills. See The Pale Elf for Astarion's Questline. Companions assist the player by joining his/her party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment, but you can change their classes via Respec in camp. Companions can also be selected as an Origin in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view.   Astarion prowled the night as a vampire spawn for centuries, serving a sadistic master until he was snatched away. Now he can walk in the light, but can he leave his wicked past behind? Astarion can be found after the crash of the Nautiloid in Act 1. You will meet Astarion by exploring the south-west portion of the Ravaged Beach, where he will be asking for help to deal with "one of those brain things". As you explore the beach area, you will come across the destroyed Nautiloid wreck and can go through it and slightly up a hill. You'll find him there calling for help. See Astarion's Location on the BG3 Map.       

Where to find Astarion in BG3 : Astarion can be found after the crash of the Nautiloid in Act 1. You will meet Astarion by exploring the south-west portion of the Ravaged Beach, where he will be asking for help to deal with "one of those brain things". As you explore the beach area, you will come across the destroyed Nautiloid wreck and can go through it and slightly up a hill. You'll find him there calling for help. See Astarion's Location on the BG3 Map.  

Astarion's BG3 Starting Equipment : Padded Armour.Leather Boots.Dagger.Shortbow.Astarion's Eccentric Clothes (Clothing).Tasteful Boots Clothes (Clothing).Astarion's Underwear (Clothing)  

Astarion's BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : Acrobatics.Sleight of Hand (Expertise).Stealth (Expertise).Perception.Deception.Performance.Persuasion

BG3 Astarion Build Guide : 

BG3 Astarion Quest Walkthrough : To complete Astarion's Questline, you must first meet him in the south-west area of the Ravaged Beach in Act 1. He will be calling for help and ask that you deal with one of the brain monsters. This is actually a trap, and he will jump you from behind and hold a dagger to your neck if you aren't careful. You can shrug out of this with certain checks, but if you keep your cool everything will be fine and Astarion can join your party. This will begin his quest: The Pale Elf   WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED  

How to Romance Astarion in BG3  : In this Astarion Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Astarion's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with him. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game. Astarion becomes available for romance when a certain point of approval has been reached. Astarion can be difficult to get high approval with due to his alignment toward less acceptable acts. He finds joy in cruelly mocking people and will root for Enemies sometimes, as he has a sort of kinship towards others who are labeled as monsters or malcontent, which might make it hard to avoid making decisions that he disapproves of as you go through the game and try to do good. That being said, he also places significant value on personal loyalty due to his context as a newly-freed slave. His approval is shaped by situations that reaffirm this principle, making it possible to earn his favor without resorting to malevolent actions. As someone who delights in the misery of others and prioritizes his own survival and self-interest, Astarion will give his approval for actions that express selfishness and agreement to whatever he wants to do. In contrast, he will disapprove of kindness and generosity that won't derive any benefits. Having a silver tongue himself, he'll approve of decisions that lean toward theatrics and drama. He will also be the single Companion who is in favor of using and developing the tadpole powers, as they are essentially what made it possible for him to be freed from slavery by his former owner. As such, decisions that reflect this desire will gain his approval and he will in general be against pushing hard to remove the tadpole. Sympathizing with his situation will gain approval from him while judging him for his situation will push him away.  

BG3 Astarion Romance Guide Act I : Your relationship with Astarion can officially begin during Act I even before the Quest Save the Refugees, unlike how it was in Early Access. Keeping the general guidelines above in mind and eventually getting his approval up, players may approach him at the camp for a talk. At this point, your approval rating with him should be High so try to explore and do a lot of other things before tackling the Quest for more chances to get your approval up, if it's still lacking at this point. One way to gain good approval from him is to allow him to drink your blood whenever he needs a fix, and give it willingly. It's important to note that if you allow him to suck your blood for too long, your playthrough could literally end as you die from losing too much blood. This option will become available once your character has confirmed that Astarion is a vampire. The process of doing so itself also has options that can give you more approval from him. As more events unfold and you meet specific people through your journey whose plights concern Astarion, you'll learn more and more about his history, particularly his past with his ex-master, Cazador. Eventually, with a high enough approval with him, you'll be able to talk to him and he'll have very specific things to say to you. You're on the right track with Astarion if when you talk to him, he forwardly calls you darling and says that you've been on his mind. Just choose the appropriate responses to further his confession - as long as you don't downright reject him, you'll have your chance. As with the others, he'll propose to wait until dark when the others are asleep before you meet up with him for your little rendevous. When night comes, simply sleep on your bed roll and he'll come for you. You don't have to worry about being forward in the dialogue options to follow and just keep affirming the situation to get to the intimate scene. As a bonus, you'll get to learn more about him afterward, specifically the markings on his back. If this situation doesn't happen for you even if your approval is high enough, you likely just have a backlog of scenes to tackle at camp from not frequently doing Long Rests. Regardless you'll have your chance after you clear out the Goblin Camp toward the end of the first Act. During the celebration, you can speak to Astarion and eventually ask him what his idea of fun is. You can then agree and he'll come for you as mentioned above once the others are asleep. This scene, while seemingly not anything conclusive, will mark the start of your mutual affection for each other.  

BG3 Astarion Romance Guide Act II : During Act II, the events that will mainly concern Astarion will be Raphael's deal of taking care of his little devil problem in exchange for translating the scars that Cazador had left on Astarion's back. Depending on your approval level with him, there will be a scene at camp where he tries to make out what the scars mean by himself. This can happen before or after you take Raphael's deal. After taking the deal, you can speak to him at camp to progress his romance. Choose the dialogue options that respect his discoveries about himself and affirm his recovery from abuse. Eventually, you'll get to choose to show him that you care about him. This will lead to him admitting he has no idea how to go about having a relationship, but that whatever you have together is nice. At Moonrise Towers, you'll come across a Drow with a penchant for sanguine machinations. She'll be desperate to be bitten by Astarion who she immediately recognizes as a vampire. You'll have the option to make Astarion bite her or not. Choosing to respect his wishes to not do it will grant you approval with him, as well as a conversation about it when you speak to him at camp soon after and you can enjoy the scene above if you haven't already. It will end the same way, but this time just start with the topic of his gratefulness for you not forcing him to drink the Drow's blood.  

BG3 Astarion Romance Guide Act III : When you reach Act III, you'll eventually be able to progress his Companion Quest, The Pale Elf. At the climax of the Quest, you'll learn that Cazador is trying to enact a ritual called the Rite of Profane Ascension, where he'll attain ascendancy as a vampire in exchange for sacrificing all of the vampires he has created under him, including Astarion. Normally, this would be easy for him to do as his vampires would all have to follow his every command, but due to the tadpole, he has to forcibly have Astarion cooperate. After defeating Cazador at the end of the Quest, you'll have the chance to progress your romance with Astarion with two different outcomes. Astarion will want to do the ritual himself, sacrificing all his fellow vampires under Cazador, and Cazador himself. He'll ask for your help to do so. Refusing to help him at all will result in him still killing Cazador and ultimately leaving the party due to your indifference. If you choose the first option and decide to help him ascend, you'll use your connection through the tadpole to enter his mind and help him complete the ritual. All of the other vampires will die, but in return, Astarion will become an ascendant vampire - impervious to the sun and with a new, stronger bite Action. Later on at camp, you'll have the culminating romance scene with Astarion where he starts in disbelief that you let him complete the ritual and kill all those people for ascendancy. You'll eventually have the option to become a vampire created by him. Choose the dialogue option affirming this decision and enjoy the final intimate scene with him. Afterward, choose to kneel as he turns you into a vampire. If you choose the second option and ask about all the people that will get sacrificed, he'll ask you to trust him. Afterward, an Insight check will let you follow this route as you try to figure out what's driving him to do all this. Choose the options next that will put the focus on him and show that you care what he'll think of himself or the consequences the ritual will bring him if he pushes through with it. You'll have to succeed in a Persuasion check for either dialogue option. If successful, Astarion will relent and admit that you're right - he can be better than Cazador. You can then choose to release the vampire prisoners if you want to. At camp soon after, he'll say he'll need to start getting used to the shadows again it all resulted in him staying a vampire spawn and the tadpole's effect could end any time. You can either reassure him that you'll find a way to keep using the tadpole, or that he did the right thing. After that, you can reassure him that you'll be there with him. He'll then bring you to the graveyard where he rose from his grave as a vampire. Choose the dialogue options that affirm your love for him and then enjoy a nice moment of peace. Afterward, if you choose to have a little with him or say you thought he'd never ask, you'll have one last intimate love scene to culminate your romance. If you choose to just stay there together, you'll enjoy a quieter culmination.  

Astarion Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Astarion, you will have to get his approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Astarion Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Astarion is of Charlatan background, (he was "Noble" in early access) so his inspiration boosts are: Very Important Parasite (Deceive any of the guards in the goblin camp).Cheese Your Way Through (Talk your way past the bandits and enter the chapel).Merciless (Manipulate the Flind into eating itself).Silver Blades, Silver Tongue (Convince Kith'rak Voss to leave without violence).Spiked (Poison the beer in the Goblin Camp).Mirror Master (Trick the magic mirror in the Thayan cellar).Flexible Diplomacy (Betray the Tieflings after convincing them to free Lae'zel).Anything for a Profit (Steal the toe ring from Crusher without getting caught).Devil's Advocate (Interrogate the dead mind flayer without getting caught).A Better Offer (Convince the pit spiders to attack the goblins).The Importance of Networking (Talk your way into the Zhentarim Hideout).One of Us (Use the hag's mask to peacefully bypass her thralls).Just Passing Through (Trick the Goblins in Moonhaven).A Friend to All (Gain access to Grymforge peacefully by lying to the raft patrol).Pied Piper - Successfully influence the gnolls, either break free or continue being subserviant.Warmonger - Convince Glut to stage a coup, then pick a side  Not My First Time (Resist the truth serum when talking to Jaheira).Shuffling the Board (Rig the game of lanceboard).Not to Worry, I Have a Permit (Evade repercussions when speaking to Moonrise prisoners).Tricks of the Trade (Successfully pretend to drink from the steins of ale).Know thy clientele - Instigate Z'rell into showing off her gifts from the Absolute Seams of Lavender and Thyme (Deceive your way into the circus).Cheating the Cheater (Find the source of the genie's trick and take it).Rock-Solid Alibi (Manage to convince the Flaming Fist to let you into Wyrm's Rock).Never trust an honest person - Lie to make your way into the big barn.Always trust a liar - Side with Larroakan against Lady Aylin  

Astarion Endings Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : 

Help Astarion With The Ascension  Ritual : Help Astarion with the ritual.See the ritual until the end Provide help to Astarion when he asks for it.Agree to letting all of the spawns die to finish the ritual.Choose all the options that will allow the ritual to continue

Refuse to Help Astarion With The Ascension Ritual : Refuse to help Astarion with the ritual.Reject his pleas, causing him to permanently leave your party  OR Persuade him that he doesn't need to complete the ritual.Release all of the caged vampire spawn. Choose the dialogue options indicated below.

Astarion Tips and Notes : Drow Thief buildThis build uses Underdark equipment and accessories to maximize Stealth and slight of hand. Start the day by biting a humanoid. Make liberal use of his Stealth Attacks, Dash actions, Off Hand (melee) attacks, and Blood Sacrifice. Cast Magic Missile every day. Shadow of Menzoberranzan Drow Studded Leather Armour Metallic Gloves Disintegrating Night Walkers or Spiderstep Boots Ritual Dagger,/Worgfang and Sussur Dagger Neck: The Sapphire Spark Ring: Smuggler's Ring Ring: Explorer's Ring Any Light Crossbow +1 .Shadow of Menzoberranzan.Drow Studded Leather Armour.Metallic Gloves.Disintegrating Night Walkers or Spiderstep Boots.Ritual Dagger,/Worgfang and Sussur Dagger.Neck: The Sapphire Spark Ring: Smuggler's Ring Ring: Explorer's Ring.Any Light Crossbow +1.Gets the ability "Vampire Bite" if you allow Astarion to suck your blood OR discuss that he is a vampire with him.Clearing Astarion gives you Astarion's Eccentric Clothes.(More to come later.) ---   If, while playing Astarion, you bite an animal in front of Shadowheart, she and the journal will behave as if you bit a humanoid.  