Gale : Gale is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Gale can be met at the Roadside Cliffs waypoint in the Ravaged Beach during Act 1. Gale is a Human Wizard that can join your party and contribute powerful spells in combat. Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment, but you can change their classes via Respec in camp. Companions can also be selected as an Origin in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view. Gale is a wizard prodigy whose love for a goddess made him attempt a dread feat no mortal should. Blighted by the forbidden magic of ancient Netheril, Gale strives to undo the corruption that is overtaking him and win back his goddess’ favour before he becomes a destroyer of worlds. Gale has one ambition: to become the greatest wizard Faerûn has ever known. Yet his thirst for magic led to disaster. A Netherese Destruction Orb beats in his chest, counting down to an explosion that can level a city. Gale is confident he'll overcome it, but time is not on his side. Gale can be found after the crash of the Nautiloid in Act 1. You will meet Gale by exploring the central portion of the Ravaged Beach and interacting with the Roadside Cliffs Waypoint. The waypoint is acting strangely, and touching it will give you the opportunity to rescue and recruit Gale into your party See Gale's Location on the BG3 Map.       

Where to find Gale in BG3 : Gale can be found after the crash of the Nautiloid in Act 1. You will meet Gale by exploring the central portion of the Ravaged Beach and interacting with the Roadside Cliffs Waypoint. The waypoint is acting strangely, and touching it will give you the opportunity to rescue and recruit Gale into your party See Gale's Location on the BG3 Map.  

Gale's BG3 Starting Equipment : Simple Robe.Simple Boots.Quarterstaff.Gale's Austere Clothes (Clothing).Tasteful Boots Clothes (Clothing).Netherese Briefs (Clothing)  

Gale's BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : Arcana.History.Investigation.Insight.Persuasion

BG3 Gale Video Guide :  

BG3 Gale Quest Walkthrough : To complete Gale's Questline, you must first meet him in the central area of the Ravaged Beach in Act 1. You must rescue him from inside a portal (Roadside Cliff Waypoint), after which you can have him join your party. This will begin his quest: The Wizard of Waterdeep    WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED  

How to Romance Gale in BG3 : In this Gale Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Gale's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with him. Gale becomes available for romance when a certain point of approval has been reached. Gale can probably be considered the most morally upright Companion in the game's early stages, making it relatively simple to earn his favor by assisting others and completing side quests. He has a strong affinity for helping people and performing virtuous acts, while he strongly dislikes unethical behavior, particularly morally questionable actions, which leads to more instances of his disapproval compared to other Companions. This can make it quite easy to raise approval with him as you go as in a normal playthrough, you'd be adventuring around and solving all sorts of problems and resolving all sorts of conflicts anyway. Offering consumable artifacts, as per his condition, and interacting with camp animals are also effective ways to win his approval. As a master of magic, Gale will approve of instances where the player showcases their Intelligence rather than violent, brute force approaches, a trait he shares with Shadowheart, as well as any decision that arises from the knowledge of the arts, science, and poetry. As a Human, he subscribes to a more general sense of morality, so acts of kindness will also gain his approval. Conversely, one can incur his disapproval by resorting to unnecessary violence, displaying stupidity, lacking curiosity, or passing judgment on his condition, or other people with similar circumstances. 

BG3 Gale Romance Guide Act I : Your relationship with Gale can officially begin during Act I even before the Quest Save the Refugees, unlike how it was in Early Access. Keeping the general guidelines above in mind and eventually getting his approval up, players may approach him at the camp for a talk. At this point, your approval rating with him should be high enough so try to explore and do a lot of other things before tackling the Quest for more chances to get your approval up, if it's still lacking at this point. Remember that actions that lean toward heroism will get a good amount of approval for him, and might even come up in your dialogues. For example, making sure to save the Tiefling children during the Quest Investigate the Beach will create a relevant dialogue option for you. You're on the right track with Gale if you find him in camp with an exclamation mark on his head, as he's staring at a hologram he's producing at the palm of his hand. He won't really get into who the hologram was of, but he will try and teach you how to perform magic by channeling the Weave. Naturally, it'll be in your best interest to be successful in your attempts so do your best and pick the Ability check that you have the highest score in. Naturally, it is also in your best interest to keep it going so avoid the choices that'll make the experience come to a halt. Eventually, you'll be asked to imagine a picture that Gale will be receptive to, through your connection to the Weave. Choose to either picture kissing him or taking a romantic walk with him. Nothing will happen yet, but he will be aware of your intentions and will be open to them. When you talk to him next, ask him what he thought of what you had pictured. Unlike some of the other Companions, this doesn't start your official relationship with him per se, but it will make your intentions known and pave the path for it.At the party at your camp after the events at the Grove, you can interact with Gale and he will tell you about how his companion preferred quiet nights reading by a fire over parties. You can comment that it sounds "fun", or ask if he is speaking of Mystra again or his cat. If you choose the latter two, he will exasperatedly tell you he speaks of his Tressym (and that she is not just "any cat"), Tara, and speak about her a bit. Your dialogue choices may vary greatly, but there are multiple options that allow you to suggest you are romantically interested in him again. If selected, Gale will start to ask if you are saying what he thinks you are, but cautiously backpedal and say that this conversation should be pushed aside for now since any form of "excitement" when his condition is so unstable may prove dangerous. He will then encourage you to enjoy the party.  

BG3 Gale Romance Guide Act II : At the end of Act I if you ventured through the Mountain Pass, or at the beginning of Act II if you ventured through the Underdark, you will encounter Elminster who has a message from Mystra. Mystra has asked Gale to use the Netherese Orb in his chest to defeat the Absolute, and to do so, has granted Elminster the power to put a stop to the inevitable "timer" on this orb's eruption, allowing Gale the choice to choose when to unleash it at will without fear of it detonating for any other reason. This means that Gale's condition is no longer unstable, and will prompt him to be capable of returning your romantic advances.If you have a high enough approval rating with Gale and have chosen one of the romantic options when channeling the weave at camp in the prior interaction, shortly after arriving in the Shadow-cursed lands and completing a battle, Gale will approach your character with a comment that he once read a book about how the stimulation of battle can also lead to desiring other forms of stimulation. He will ask your character if you have read anything similar. You can choose to respond asking him what he is suggesting, stating that you could have written such a book, that you do not read much but have seen some helpful diagrams, or decline to indulge his suggestion. If you choose any of the first three, he will respond in some manner that he is attracted to your character physically, but that now is not the time for it, but later there will be.Towards the end of Act II (or the first time you choose to Long Rest after reaching the waypoint for the Risen Road to Baldur's Gate), you will see a projection of Gale standing in his place at camp with an exclamation mark over him. The projection will invite you to join Gale for a private conversation in a more suitable locale and you can choose to go or decline. To romance him, you should accept the invitation and you will enter a cutscene where Gale is using the Weave to manipulate the night sky to show an aurora borealis and he speaks to you about his impending decision regarding the orb and how it may be his last night alive and he wants to spend it with you. It is recommended that you encourage him you will find another way or ask him if this is really what he wants. After some conversation, he will confess that he is in love with you. You can progress the romance by choosing to kiss him, or by saying you are love with him as well (this option is followed by a kiss, but also raises Gale's approval and he gives an extra dialogue line that he is glad you feel the same and he didn't make a fool of himself). From here, Gale will declare his intentions to make love to your character the "way that the gods do" by intertwining their spirits in the weave. You can accept, or state that you just want him as he is. If you choose the latter, he will ask, are you sure and insists he can "wow" you instead of just wooing you if you allow him. If you insist you are sure you just want him as he is, he will conjure a bed "for your comfort" and the two will climb into it and fade to black, implying a night of physical pleasures. If you allow Gale to romance you the way he initially intends, he will conjure a vision of the two of you in his home in Waterdeep and walk out onto the balcony that overlooks the water. After some conversation, he will pull out a book about a newly-wed king and queen who made "everything they did into an art" including lovemaking, and that he intends to take a page from their book with you. If you accept, you place your hands on the book and both your "spirits" ascend into the starry heavens. If you encourage him to proceed, an extended cutscene of the two making love in the stars occurs via the magic of the Weave. (If you tell him you want the real Gale and not the 'illusion', he will snap his fingers and end all illusions and return to location outside camp, and the aforementioned scene where he conjures a bed occurs.)The following morning, Gale will have an exclamation mark over his head where he wants to speak to you about the prior night. You can ask him various questions about if he still has feelings for Mystra (to which he says, "plenty, and all complicated"), if he had ever had a mortal lover before you (to which he says yes, but not since before Mystra because of his condition), if he meant it when he said he loved you (to which he says he doesn't throw the L word around lightly), and how he is feeling (to which he says grateful that you want him here alive and not reduced to Netherese vapor).  

BG3 Gale Romance Guide Act III : At the end of Act 2, Gale shows extreme interest in the Crown of Karsus atop the Elder Brain, and prompts you to go to Sorcerous Sundries in Baldur's Gate to learn more about it as part of his companion quest, The Wizard of Waterdeep. You must complete his companion quest to obtain the romantic ending (as even passing a persuasion check at the end of the game while romancing him will not dissuade him from pursuing the crown over you at this time). When you obtain the tome The Annals of Karsus and allow Gale to read it's contents, he believes he can reforge the Crown to use its power for himself and that he wants to speak to you privately about it later. During your next Long Rest, Gale will have an exclamation point over his head to speak with you. During this conversation, he will conjure an illusion of the realm of the gods with the two of you in a small rowboat. During this scene, he will confide that he intends to reforge the crown so that the two of you can ascend to Godhood and help humanity rather than just watch and deny them power. In order to obtain the "good" romantic ending, you must try to guide Gale away from pursuing Godhood and encourage him to give the Crown to Mystra and earn forgiveness (encouraging him to pursue Godhood will cause him to prioritize the Crown and Godhood and leave you behind). He will be disappointed, but after a few dialogue exchanges, he will relent with "What more is there to say?" If you choose "This doesn't need to be the end for us. Just forget the Crown.", he will agree and say that he could live life without Godhood, but not without you, and that he will give the Crown to Mystra. The scene ends with the two kissing quite a bit. Then when you complete his Companion Quest, Gale will speak to Mystra and learn the truth of the magic orb in his chest and promise the Crown to her not only for redemption, but to cure his condition.After completing his companion quest, Gale has new, more romantic greetings for you when you speak to him. Upon entering the final chapter where you confront the Netherbrain, there is additional romantic dialogue and no need to attempt a persuasion check regarding the Crown. If you choose to kill the Netherbrain, there is a closing scene regarding Gale retrieving the crown and giving it to Mystra to cure his affliction and he will remain by your side. At the end, you will receive an additional scene with Gale where he proposes.  

BG3 Gale Approval Guide : If you are looking to befriend or romance Gale, you will have to get his approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Gale Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Gale is of Sage background, so his inspiration boosts are: Secrets of the Matron (Read the obscure text by a drow matron.).All Knowledge is Worthing Having (Finish reading the Thayan tome of necromancy).Secrets of the Necromancer (Discover the nature of the Thayan tome.).A Natural Alliance (Recognise the Druid and Harper armour).The Phases Unfold (Solve the moon puzzle sealing the door to the Underdark.).Reanimator (Correctly follow Gale's instructions to resurrect him).The Forbidden Arcane (Read Omeluum's notes on illithid magic).Secrets of the Sussur Tree (Read the treatise on Anti-Magic).Secrets of the High Chieftain (Read Volo's Guide to Goblins).Roots of the Grove (Lean local history from ther druidic frescos).Secrets of the Shadow Druids (Discover and read Faldron's Canticle).A Solitary Spider (Read the arachnomancer's journals at the bottom of the well).Secrets of the Sundering (Unlock and read the Book of Dead Gods)  

Gale Endings in Baldur's Gate 3 : 

Gale Destroys the Elder Brain : Travel to Mind Flayer Colony.Tell Gale to: "Go ahead. We stand no chance against such forces. Let's end this together." Choose the dialogue options below.

Gale Sacrifices Himself to Destroy the Elder Brain (Act 3) : Play as Gale origin.Gale must climb atop alone. When Gale tells you "I'm ready. Are you?" Reply to him with the second option: "Wait. We could end this now if you unleashed the orb.".Then, choose the Persuasion check and pass the DC of 30: "We did, but look at the devastation around us. You need to end this now."

Gale Tries to Become a God : Play as Gale Origin.Command the Netherbrain to destroy the tadpoles under its command, and then itself Choose the good-natured ending.Let the cutscenes play out in the end

Gale offers The Crown and The Karsite Weave to Mystra : Play as Gale Origin.Command the Netherbrain to destroy the tadpoles under its command, and then itself Choose the good-natured ending.Let the cutscenes play out in the end.Choose the dialogue options below

Gale becomes Illithid : Play as Gale Origin.Command the Netherbrain to destroy the tadpoles under its command, and then itself Choose the good-natured ending.Let the cutscenes play out in the end.Choose the dialogue options below

Gale Tips and Notes : It used to be you needed to give extremely powerful artifacts to Gale to fuel his calm down the orb, but as of full release. An extremely long list of weaker artifacts can be now be given to him so this allows you not needing giving the strong artifacts that you actually use. I really recommend or any of the Absolute related Equipment like the Gloves of Power as it casts Bane to its user if they do not have the Mark of the Absolute. You get it pretty early but getting the mark of the Absolute is much more later so it is much more useful to give it to Gale to be consumed. .I really recommend or any of the Absolute related Equipment like the Gloves of Power as it casts Bane to its user if they do not have the Mark of the Absolute. You get it pretty early but getting the mark of the Absolute is much more later so it is much more useful to give it to Gale to be consumed.GALE HAS BEEN CHANGED POST-RELEASE, NOW YOU ONLY NEED TO FEED HIM 3 MAGIC ITEMS AND DO NOT NEED THE SUPER STRONG MAGIC ITEMS.Gale the Apothecary buildThis build focuses on using Ray of Sickness to it's full potential with poison synergies. Everything else is about rounding out Gale as a human spell caster. Use Feather Fall and Misty Step to keep Gale out of harm's way. Use Light to illuminate targets for those without Darkvision. Key of the Ancients Poisoner's Robe Herbalist's Gloves Mystra's Grace Staff of Crones (Infinite Ray of Sickness) Neck: Amulet of Misty Step Ring: Guiding Light Ring: The Mage's Friend Optional: Any Light Crossbow +1 .Key of the Ancients.Poisoner's Robe.Herbalist's Gloves.Mystra's Grace.Staff of Crones (Infinite Ray of Sickness).Neck: Amulet of Misty Step Ring: Guiding Light Ring: The Mage's Friend.Optional: Any Light Crossbow +1  