Halsin : Baldurian, Wood Elf, Elf, Humanoid, Halsin, Druid Halsin is an NPC and Potential Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). Halsin can be found as a prisoner at the Worg Pens, deep within the Shattered Sanctum. Halsin is the first Druid of the Druid Grove, but has been missing since he left with Aradin's expetidition. There is a massive amount of NPCs in Baldur's Gate 3, and their ideals, needs and way of living are strictly related to the actions they perform during the course of the game. Their attitude towards you and your party may be affected by the deeds and decisions you and your party taken on.    Halsin can first be met in the Worg Pens at the Shattered Sanctum , Goblin Camp. In order to recruit him, you must complete the druid's grove/Save the refugees questline. In which you need to defeat the three leaders of the Goblin Camp.  However, Halsin won't be available as a playable companion until players have rescued Thaniel and Oliver inside the shadow-cursed lands in Act 2. Once that issue has been resolved, players will be able to ask Halsin to join them permanently. Equipped: Backpack:      

Where to find Halsin in BG3 :  Halsin can first be met in the Worg Pens at the Shattered Sanctum , Goblin Camp.
In order to recruit him, you must complete the druid's grove/Save the refugees questline. In which you need to defeat the three leaders of the Goblin Camp.  However, Halsin won't be available as a playable companion until players have rescued Thaniel and Oliver inside the shadow-cursed lands in Act 2. Once that issue has been resolved, players will be able to ask Halsin to join them permanently.

Halsin's BG3 Starting Equipment : Equipped:
Druid Leather Armor.Druidic Bracers.Grovetender Boots.Halsin's Grove Garments (Clothing).Tasteful Boots (Clothing).Halsin's Underwear (Clothing).Torch
Backpack:
Supply Pack.Scroll of Revivify.Quarterstaves.Goodberry (2)

BG3 Halsin's Starting Skill Proficiencies : Athletics.Stealth.Nature.Animal Handling.Perception.Survival

BG3 Halsin Video Guide : To be added
 

Halsin BG3 Quest Walkthrough : You learn about Halsin for the first time at the Druid Grove. He has gone with Aradin's expedition to the Goblin Camp, but he never managed to return because he was captured. He can be found at the Worg Pens. 
If you free him, he offers to join you during the raid of the goblin camp. If you accept, he will fight at your side, but every NPC that crosses your path will automatically be hostile.
If you raze the Goblin Camp and kill the three goblin leaders (True Soul Gut, Dror Ragzlin and Minthara) before talking to him at the Worg pens, you will find Halsin has left his cage and has returned to the Druid Grove by himself. After introducing himself, he thanks you for your actions and immediately senses you have a problem that he can help you with.
After the events at the Shattered Sanctum, Halsin will then return to the Druid Grove. If you have exposed Kagha, he will be having a word with her. Once the Tiefling party is over, he will tell you about Moonrise Towers.
 
WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
 

How to Romance Halsin in BG3 : In this Halsin Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Halsin's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with him. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game.
Halsin becomes available for romance when a certain point of approval has been reached. Halsin is different compared to other companions as he cannot be recruited as a party member until Act II, though you are able to flirt with him after you first meet him in Act I during the Quest Save the Refugees or Find the Druid. This means his romance progresses straight from companion to "partnered" in Act III, and skips the "dating" status that players may have with up to three companions in Act I.

BG3 Halsin Romance Guide Act I : As mentioned above, Halsin can be first met at the Goblin Camp, having been captured by goblins during Aradin's expedition. If you want to recruit and romance Halsin, you will have to defeat the three goblin leaders (True Soul Gut, Dror Ragzlin  and Minthara)  and the goblins in the camp. If you free Halsin before defeating the goblin leaders, he can optionally aid in raiding the camp, at which point all the goblins in the camp will be hostile. If you defeat the goblin leaders before freeing him, he returns to the Druid Grove before you reach the Worg pens and can then be first met there.
After clearing the events in the Shattered Sanctum, Halsin returns to the Druid Grove and may confront Kagha. If you want to recruit and romance Halsin, you'll need to save both the Druids and the Tieflings in the grove. Afterwards, Halsin will offer his help as he has information about the Moonrise Towers. While he travels with you in your camp from this point on, Halsin will not yet join your ranks as a Companion and cannot venture out in your party. Options to flirt with him still arise and you may even attempt to spend time with him on the night of celebrations after you finish the aforementioned Quests. He will turn you down, but not straight up reject you.
 

BG3 Halsin Romance Guide Act II : As you go through Act II, you'll eventually make it to the Last Light Inn. Certain situations may trigger the devastation of the inn, especially if you chose to play as The Dark Urge, so make sure to choose the options that will preserve everything and everyone  as much as possible. If the inn remains intact, you will encounter a bandaged man on a bed within called the "sleeping man", attended to by a Flaming Fist. Interacting with the man prompts a Quest from Halsin to find Thaniel, a child Halsin knows as nature itself. This Quest will eventually entail protecting Halsin by safeguarding a portal he ventured through to retrieve Thaniel from the Shadowfell. This can be a difficult fight, as you'll have to keep him alive against waves of enemies for several turns until he finishes his task (though some players have reported quick success by placing a cleric  near the portal and casting the spell Spirit Guardians). Successfully clearing the quest will allow you to officially recruit Halsin as a Companion, and thus make him available for romance. Make sure to keep clearing out any other Quests surrounding Halsin as you build approval with him.
 

BG3 Halsin Romance Guide Act III : When you get your approval with Halsin enough as an official Companion, an exclamation point will appear over his head while at camp, with dialogue potentially leading to his intimate scene. Follow the conversation with affirming dialogue options until he mentions having many previous lovers. Ask him what exactly he means by this to get his direct confession. If you were holding out all this time for Halsin, you'll simply need to assure him that you reciprocate his feelings. Otherwise, you'll have to be honest about it and say that you're interested but you're already with somebody else. Halsin will explain that he does not mind sharing you, as he sees romance and partnership as a fluid system like nature, but he will require the consent of your existing partner for anything to happen between you.
As a good partner who respects their lover, you'll have to go and have a talk with your current partner and see how they feel about polyamory. Astarion, Karlach, and Shadowheart have been confirmed as consenting to the polyamory. Naturally, if your partner does mind or if you want to, you can choose to break it off with them and exclusively be with Halsin.
Afterwards, head back promptly to Halsin and let him know, then take a long rest to initiate the famous love scene. When he loses control and turns into a bear then back again, you'll have the option to choose whether or not you'd like him to continue the deed as a bear ("1. Don't apologise. I like it.") or in human form ("2. I'm flattered I have that effect on you. Now come here.") . No one will judge you, as long as you both are happy.
 

Halsin Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Halsin, you will have to get his approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Halsin Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Halsin is of ?? background, so her inspiration boosts are:
 
 

Halsin Notes and Tips : Notes & Tips
 

