Lae'zel : Lae'zel is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Lae'Zel can be met while escaping the Nautiloid. She is a Githyanki Fighter and a great addition to your party as a martial class with high DPS and possible Tanking. See The Githyanki Warrior for Lae'Zel's Questline. Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment, but you can change their classes via Respec in camp. Companions can also be selected as an Origin in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view.   Lae'zel is a consummate warrior, ferocious even by the standards of a githyanki creche. Faced with transforming into the very monster she has sworn to destroy, Lae'zel must prove herself worthy of rejoining her people - if they do not execute her first. Lae'Zel is first met very early on your playthrough: You'll find her for the first time during the Prologue aboard the Nautiloid. After completing the first section of the ship, while you are walking outside she will jump over you just before the first fight. She will leave your party at the end of the Prologue and must be recruited again in the Ravaged Beach. To do this, you must explore the starting area near the Cathedral Ruins until you find her being held prisoner. Free her to recruit her for your party. See Lae'Zel's Location on the BG3 Map. Should you set camp before encountering Lae'zel, she will free herself and attempt to find her kin on her own. As a result, she can be found talking to / dead near the Githyanki raiders (This may depend on number of long rests taken). Should you defeat the raiders and Lae'zel survives, or you revive her afterwards, she will offer you another chance to join forces. If Lae'zel dies on the Nautiloid and you don't resurrect her then you can find her dead about 35 meters ahead of where you land on the shore and you're unable to revive her then.     

Where to find Lae'Zel in BG3 : Lae'Zel is first met very early on your playthrough: You'll find her for the first time during the Prologue aboard the Nautiloid. After completing the first section of the ship, while you are walking outside she will jump over you just before the first fight.
She will leave your party at the end of the Prologue and must be recruited again in the Ravaged Beach. To do this, you must explore the starting area near the Cathedral Ruins until you find her being held prisoner. Free her to recruit her for your party. See Lae'Zel's Location on the BG3 Map.
Should you set camp before encountering Lae'zel, she will free herself and attempt to find her kin on her own. As a result, she can be found talking to / dead near the Githyanki raiders (This may depend on number of long rests taken). Should you defeat the raiders and Lae'zel survives, or you revive her afterwards, she will offer you another chance to join forces. If Lae'zel dies on the Nautiloid and you don't resurrect her then you can find her dead about 35 meters ahead of where you land on the shore and you're unable to revive her then.

Lae'Zel BG3 Starting Equipment : Githyanki Half Plate.Leather Boots.Longsword.Shortbow
 

Lae'Zel BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : Athletics.Acrobatics.Survival.Intimidation

BG3 Lae'Zel Video Guide :  

BG3 Lae'Zel Quest Walkthrough : Lae'Zel must be recruited into your party for her quest to begin. You can do so as early as the Nautiloid when you run into her, but you'll have to save her at the Ravaged Beach when she gets captured by Tieflings. This will begin his quest:
The Githyanki Warrior
 
WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
 

How to Romance Lae'zel in BG3  : In this Lae'zel Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Lae'zel's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with her. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game.  Lae'zel's personality can be described as loud, direct, and bloodthirsty. She doesn't hold back in expressing her thoughts and preferences. She enjoys dominating others and is inclined towards violence and insults. Her focus is primarily on the mission at hand, and gaining her approval involves rejecting distractions and roundabout ways of achieving objectives, even if it was to avoid bloodshed, to avoid getting sidetracked. For her, it's crucial that she handles all Githyanki-related matters her way, and she has pride in her race and their standing. She will approve of antagonizing Shadowheart and often goes against her preferences, though they occasionally find common ground. This effectively means any decisions that agree with Shadowheart will gain her disapproval, while the opposite will always win approval from her. 
To gain Lae'zel's approval, one must align with Githyanki principles and ideas. For example, she will dislike exploring alternative methods of removing the tadpole and will always have some side remarks about how only Githyanki methods will resolve your collective tadpole problem. In general, whenever any chances to agree with pro-Githyanki statements present themselves, you should take it if you want to get on her good side. It can be viewed that she values duty above all else, and might disapprove of unnecessary shows of weakness, something she might share with Astarion, especially if it makes completing the task at hand take longer. Gaining approval from Lae'zel can be more challenging than other Companions, as a lot of times the choices she will approve of will not align with the general good. As such, players have taken to avoid disapproval events by keeping Lae'zel away from certain dialogues, either by leaving her in camp or keeping her at a distance.
 

BG3 Lae'zel Romance Guide Act I : Your relationship with Lae'zel can officially begin during Act I even before the Quest Save the Refugees, unlike how it was in Early Access. Keeping the general guidelines above in mind, and eventually getting her approval high enough, players may approach her at the camp for a talk. At this point, your approval rating with her should be High so try to explore and do a lot of other things before tackling the Quest for more chances to get your approval up, if it's still lacking at this point.
You're on the right track with Lae'zel, if when you talk to her at the camp, after yet another remark about the Githyanki method being the more reliable way to fix the tadpole problem, rather than the Druid Halsin's (depending on where you are in Act I), you'll have the option to ask her if she's been looking at you differently of late. She'll finally confess that she is starting to see you in a different light. She'll openly say that she wants you. After this dialogue, you'll just have to rest at your bunker. Lae'zel will come to visit you for your first steamy intimate encounter. Try to keep an open mind!
 

BG3 Lae'zel Romance Guide Act II : During a long rest, Lae'zel may challenge you to a duel.If you win the duel, Lae'zel will ask you to tell her that she is yours.If you lose the duel, Lae'zel will ask you to say that you are hers.Either way, she will call you zhak vo'n'ash duj - "source of my bruises" - and you can now ask for a kiss during dialogue. After passing a DC 16 Persuasion or Intimidation check (the outcome of your duel has no effect on the choices), she will kiss you whenever you want. What a softie.

BG3 Lae'zel Romance Guide Act III : To be updated when more information is available.
 

Lae'Zel Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Lae'Zel, you will have to get her approval. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

BG3 Lae'Zel Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Lae'Zel is of Soldier background, so her inspiration boosts are:
Drowned in the Dark (Defeat the duergar patrolling on the Ebonlake.).Strategist (Destroy a powerful in one strike).One for the Ages (Survive a fight in which you kill ten or more enemies).A Headless Horde (Kill every leader in the goblin camp.).Chain of Command (Follow Flaming Fist orders at the burning inn.).Pentacrush (Kill 5 Enemies in a single turn).Stalwart Heart (Persuade Rolan to stay and protect the grove).Conquer of Conquerors (Defeat the Githyanki raiding squad).Crown Crusher (Kill every leader in the Goblin Camp).Warrior of the Hells (Kill the cultist leader seeking Karlach).Start then Young (Inspire the Tiefling children to train harder).No One Left Behind (Ensure all of the Grove's defenders survive the first goblin assault)
Masterful Execution (Kill any of the bosses in and around the Shadow-Cursed Lands in a single round of combat).Realities of War (Tell Arabella what happened to her parents).An Apple a Day Keeps the Scalpel Away (Defeat the Surgeon without being operated upon).The Best Offence is Virtually Nonsense (Defeat a member of the Thorm family without drawing steel).Shield of the Moon (Obtain Selune's blessing from Isobel).Centennial Rivalries (Complete the Harper ambush)
 

Lae'zel Endings in Baldur's Gate 3 : 

Orpheus becomes the Mind Flayer, then asks to be killed, and Lae'zel Leaves : Reject the Emperor's offer to work together.Free Orpheus.Agree to Orpheus becoming the Mind Flayer
Choose the dialogue options below

Lae'zel Tips and Notes : First Blood of the Absolute buildShe is dressed to be a shock troop for this build. She softens the enemy and can take hits. Use her Shield of Faith and her Color Spray every fight you can. (Unless you only use Absolute's Warboard and only have the Shield of Faith 1/short rest.) Helmet (metal) Githyanki Half Plate Gloves of Power (Branded) Metallic Boots Shortsword of First Blood and Absolute's Warboard (Branded) Once you've expended the Warboard, switch to Sword of Justice Neck: Absolute's Talisman (Branded probably, Healing) Ring: Sunwalker's Gift (Scouting) Ring: Ring of Colour Spray (Defense) Any Heavy Crossbow +1 like the Githyanki Crossbow .Helmet (metal).Githyanki Half Plate.Gloves of Power (Branded).Metallic Boots.Shortsword of First Blood and Absolute's Warboard (Branded) Once you've expended the Warboard, switch to Sword of Justice .Once you've expended the Warboard, switch to Sword of Justice.Neck: Absolute's Talisman (Branded probably, Healing) Ring: Sunwalker's Gift (Scouting) Ring: Ring of Colour Spray (Defense).Any Heavy Crossbow +1 like the Githyanki Crossbow.Lae'zel can make a suitable candidate for Eldritch Knight, if given the Warped Headband of Intellect..Allowing her to cut your throat in camp will remove her as a viable party member. She will still have the option in conversation to join your party, and will agree to join you. However, she will no longer be able to join your party..If you arrive at Act 2 with her having stopped being a valid party member, then she will wander the Trielta Crags, and when you talk with her she will encourage you to visit the Creche. After moving on to the Shadowed Battlefield, she can be found near the entrance path from the monastery having been killed by necrotic damage (either the drider or the shadow creatures) with all gear plus some basic items on her body.
 

