Minthara : Minthara is an NPC and potential Boss or Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Minthara can be found at Shattered Sanctum. Minthara is a ruthless Drow that is preparing an assault on Druid Grove. Bosses in BG3 are powerful enemies that have increased health and pose a bigger challenge for players.   Minthara can first be found in Act I within the Shattered Sanctum, inside the Goblin Camp as one of the three Goblin leaders. Siding with her allows the opening of the branching storyline that allows Tav to side with the Goblins and start the Quest Raid the Grove which may lead to recruiting her in Act II. In Act II, she will be on trial and eventually under torture in the Moonrise Towers. Rescuing her there will allow you to officially recruit her as a Companion. Otherwise, siding with the Tieflings and killing the goblins will have you kill Minthara as well. The same result will come from siding with her first (and successfully initiating an intimate night with her) and then failing to convince her of your shared affiliation with the Absolute later on. both routes will lock you out of recruiting or romancing Minthara.   

Where to find Minthara in BG3 : Minthara can first be found in Act I within the Shattered Sanctum, inside the Goblin Camp as one of the three Goblin leaders. Siding with her allows the opening of the branching storyline that allows Tav to side with the Goblins and start the Quest Raid the Grove which may lead to recruiting her in Act II. In Act II, she will be on trial and eventually under torture in the Moonrise Towers. Rescuing her there will allow you to officially recruit her as a Companion. Otherwise, siding with the Tieflings and killing the goblins will have you kill Minthara as well. The same result will come from siding with her first (and successfully initiating an intimate night with her) and then failing to convince her of your shared affiliation with the Absolute later on. both routes will lock you out of recruiting or romancing Minthara.

Minthara's BG3 Starting Equipment : Camp Supply Sack.Keychain.Alchemy Pouch.Xyanyde.Mace.Spidersilk Armour.Boots of Striding.Drow Leather Gloves.Minthara's At-Ease Clothes.Mind Flayer Parasite Specimen.Spider's Lyre.Potion of Healing

BG3 Minthara's Starting Skill Proficiencies : Athletics.History.Perception.Intimidation.Persuasion

BG3 Minthara Video Guide : To be added  

Minthara BG3 Quest Walkthrough : To complete Minthara's Questline, you must first meet her in Shattered Sanctum. Though not her personal quest yet, Raid the Grove is a very important step to complete as failing to complete it will prevent the option to recruit her in the future.   WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED  

BG3 How to Romance Minthara : In this Minthara Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Minthara's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with her. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game. Minthara becomes available for romance when a certain point of approval has been reached. Minthara is different compared to other companions as she cannot be recruited as a party member until Act II, though you are able to share an intimate moment with her when you first meet her in Act I during the Quest Save the Refugees.  

BG3 Minthara Romance Guide Act I : When you first meet her in the Shattered Sanctum, you have the option to betray the Druids and the Tieflings and side with Minthara instead as a fellow True Soul for the Absolute. Just click the appropriate responses that go toward deciding to help her. Take note that the dialogue options that confirm your intention to join in on Minthara's plans will result in disapproval from Shadowheart, Gale, Wyll, and Karlach, if they are in your party. As per the plan, you'll go back to the Grove and pretend to still be on the side of the Tieflings. When Minthara and her army arrive, she'll give you the telepathic signal to open the gate and begin a combat engagement to slaughter the Tieflings. Keep choosing dialogue options that affirm your unity with her and she'll mention going to your camp where she and the goblins will throw a party to celebrate the massacre. It is during this time when you can check on your Companions and see that most of them did not like what you chose to do at all, save for Astarion and Lae'zel.  For the early scene with Minthara, you'll just have to speak with her and affirm the start of your would-be relationship, and express to her that you're ready to be hers. Afterward, head to your bed roll. The scene will automatically initiate when you rest. When it ends, you'll have the option to telepathically pry into her desires or her fears. In the Early Access, trying for her fears and succeeding will lead to undesirable results, but it is not certain currently if this remains to be the case in the full game. She will share her thoughts all the same if you choose to pry into her desires, and will explain that she cannot hear the Absolute when she is with you. You have the option to spill the secret about Shadowheart's artifact if you'd like but it may have certain ramifications later on. When she lets you go, you'll actually get to rest, but only until she attempts to murder you in your sleep. Suffice it to say, unlike other Companions, this whole encounter doesn't spell the start of your relationship. The important dialogue option here will be when you'll either try to persuade or deceive her with the relevant checks to convince her that you are allied with her under the Absolute. Doing anything else other than those two will result in her betrayal and you'll be forced to kill her in a combat engagement, locking you out of being able to recruit her, much less romance her.  

BG3 Minthara Romance Guide Act II : Act II will eventually bring you to the Moonrise Towers during the Quest Infiltrate Moonrise Towers. Inside the towers, you'll be able to find Minthara being mentally tortured to the point of erasure. The dialogue options will allow you to either do an Intimidation check or a Deception check so that they can leave Minthara's punishment to you instead. If successful you can make a Wisdom check to try and telepathically reach her. Note that at any point, you can choose to instead go for a brute force approach and try to kill her captors instead. Once you reach her, you'll have the same choice of propositions to offer her. If you choose to try the more peaceful approach, you'll have to make either an Intimidation, Deception, or Persuasion check to fool the Questioners. You'll have to keep this up for any other characters you'll bump into or you'll have to engage them in battle. Either way, push through to the exit Moonrise. There, you'll have the option to let her in on everything you've learned so far as well as the location of your camp, which Astarion, Lae'zel, and Shadowheart will approve of if you have them with you. From then on you can bring her along as an official Companion and raise her approval of you.

BG3 Minthara Romance Guide Act III :  To be updated when more information is available.  

Minthara Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Minthara, you will have to get her approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Notes & Tips : Patch 9 made Minthara a Paladin.Following her questline and gaining her loyalty will enable the player to traverse the overland route to moonrise towers without being affected by the curse.She can be easily killed by triggering the start of the raid on the Grove and shooting the posts tethering the wooden bridge immediately after she stepped on it to exit the room. She falls to her death, but doesn't cause the goblins to become aggressive towards the party.Patch 5 allows players to recruit Minthara and Halsin. Engage in combat with Minthara as a temporary hostile, this can be done by attacking her or stealing in front of her, defeat her using non-lethal damage. You will know if you succeeded as she will be on trial at Moonrise Towers. For this the player is advised to save the game, knock out Minthara and then save the game again, then proceed straight to the Cursed Shadowlands and Moonrise Towers as quickly as possible - do not loot or proceed in other quests as this may be undone later. If Minthara is on trial you have succeeded in having her as a campanion and the player can simply continue from Moonrise or their last save in the Goblin Camp. If Minthara does not appear it means that something has failed in acquiring her and the player is advised to reload to the Goblin Camp.Players may need to use non-lethal damage and knock out Dror Ragzlin and Priestess Gut to recurit Minthara and successfully defeat the Goblin Camp. Killing Dror Ragzlin and Priestess Gut may lock out Minathara as a campanion (Confirmation needed!!).    