Wyll : Wyll is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment. Companions can also be selected in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view. Wyll made his name as a renowned hero in Baldur's Gate. But to become a living legend, he struck a bargain with a devil, a bargain from which he longs to break free before it consumes his soul for good.   Noble by birth, Wyll made his name as the heroic 'Blade of Frontiers'. He keeps his pact with a devil well-hidden, and is desperate to escape the hellish bargain - even if that means rescuing the seductive creature that made the deal.   Wyll will first be encountered during the Goblin Raid for Druid's Grove in Act I. The area would be directly north of the Ravaged Beach/Nautiloid Crash Site       

Where to find Wyll in BG3 : Wyll will first be encountered during the Goblin Raid for Druid's Grove in Act I. The area would be directly north of the Ravaged Beach/Nautiloid Crash Site
 

Wyll's BG3 Starting Equipment : Padded Armour.Leather Boots.Rapier
 

Wyll's BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : Animal Handling.Arcana.Intimidation.Persuasion.Survival

BG3 Wyll Video Guide :  

BG3 Wyll Quest Walkthrough : To complete Wyll's Questline, you must first meet him after winning the Battle against the Goblin raiding party attacking Druid's Grove. Upon finishing that, talk to him in the Training area past the massive gate where he would instructing the Tiefling Children in the basics of sword fighting. 
Talking to him after his cutscene reveals he also has the Tadpole and gives you the option to recruit him as a companion. Wyll will mention his personal quest and upon joining the party will begin his companion quest:
The Blade of Frontiers
For a more in-depth guide to the Companion Quest, The Blade of Frontiers, visit our page here.
 
WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

How to Romance Wyll in BG3 : In this Wyll Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Wyll's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with her. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game. Gaining Wyll's approval centers around doing good, righteous acts, and protecting and saving those in need. He also has a bit of a soft spot for people who've made questionable deals with questionable people or patrons, out of necessity, just as he has as a Warlock with his patron Mizora. Naturally, acts that are in contract with righteousness, good, and justice will meet be largely met with his disapproval.
Additionally, his context as a tortured soul trapped in a contract that's largely to his disadvantage will grant you approval whenever you express your willingness to help him, regardless if it's in helping him execute missions and requests given by his patron, or in making efforts to figure out a way to get him out of his contract. 
As with all the Companions, whenever you can talk to Wyll, always scour the dialogue options for any new options, again still following the general guidelines above, where she'll slowly open up to you about things that will help you deepen your bond with him further and further. Anything you find out about might also appear in dialogue choices during intimate moments, which will allow you easier choices if you're afraid to mess up.
Wyll becomes available for romance when a certain point of approval has been reached. (At the very least, Medium Approval). Below are the special conditions for pursuing it:
Being able to access Wyll's Romance relies on helping him pursue his companion quest. .In the Early Access, this means trying to find Mizura but the Full release mentions a massive rewrite in Wyll's character..Either way, the first steps would be for the player to help Wyll with their Quest to both raise his approval but also his personal plot which allows him to open up more and deepen the relationship with the player..The second most important thing is to not choose to side with Minthara. Wyll will leave the player if s/he sides with the Goblins..After following through with his personal quest, he will start to be more open with his past with the player during Camp at night.
 

BG3 Wyll Romance Guide Act I : Wyll joins the party during Act I once the player reaches the Druid Grove. After he joins in the fight against the Goblins looking to infiltrate the grove, players can get the scene of Wyll officially joining once they start exploring the Tiefling camp. By talking to him in camp soon after, players can speak with him to get a little peek at his context and learn of his current mission to hunt down Karlach. Eventually, you can have Karlach join your party and clear out the misunderstanding between them. At camp, you'll meet Mizora, Wyll's devil patron who set him on the hunt for Karlach in the first place. For refusing to kill Karlach, Mizora turns Wyll into a devil himself.
As you progress through the first act, continue racking up approval points with Wyll to at least the green part of the approval bar which can be checked when looking at his character sheet. If done so, players will have the chance to get a kiss from him after rescuing the Grove and defeating the Goblin Camp leaders. It is very important to note that if you choose to help Minthara and the Goblins instead and kill everyone in the Grove, Wyll will heavily disapprove and permanently leave the party. On the hero route, you can speak to Wyll at the party. You can choose to straightforwardly tell him that you want to dance with him or imply that you went to see him for a reason. From there you can choose the obvious choices to show him that you like him, or you can even try to do a Persuasion check and ask him for a kiss, which he'll relent to if you pass the check. When you sleep afterward, you can choose to hope to dream of Wyll. The next day you can speak with him again and score approval points by flirting with him and confirm for yourself the start of your mutual affection for each other.

BG3 Wyll Romance Guide Act II : As you go through the second Act, you'll eventually get another visit from Mizora with yet another crucial mission. She'll seem desperate especially if you pass a Perception check during her dialogue. You'll win approval points by trying to use the opportunity to get Wyll out of the contract, and then speaking to him again and affirming your conviction to help him.
If your approval with Wyll is high enough, you can speak to him at camp to find him practicing a dance. You'll score more approval if you try and entertain his request to dance with you. Afterwards, you'll do a partner dance and you'll have another chance to kiss Wyll at the end of it. You can ask him to spend the night with you but he'll reveal his inclination for traditional romance and insist that he wants to do this all the proper way with you. As you go through the rest of the act, more events will unfold that connect to Wyll directly, and you'll get to know him more and his context at deeper levels, which opens up topics to talk to him about, and creates more chances to increase your approval with him.

BG3 Wyll Romance Guide Act III : Act III will have even more events that directly affect all of your Companions, not least of all Wyll. For him, these will largely concern rescuing his father, Duke Ravengard, and the result of the negotiations you've made and will make with his patron Mizora. Regardless of what choices you make and what the resulting outcomes are, if your approval with Wyll is high enough after the resolution, you'll eventually be able to talk to Wyll at camp and he'll invite you to the Wilden Oak. Naturally, you'll have to accept the invitation and take his hand to progress. Choose to enjoy your time with him as he tells you more stories. As he's promised in the second Act, Wyll proposes to you here with an acorn from the Wilden Oak. If you choose any of the obvious affirming choices, your romance with Wyll will finally culminate with a much-awaited intimate love scene in his chosen romantic spot.
 

Wyll Approval Guide in Baldur's Gate 3 : If you are looking to befriend or romance Wyll, you will have to get his approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Wyll INSPIRATIONS : Fate Worse than Death (Save Liam from his Goblin Torturers) (Do not kill liam by failing to torture him or if you successfully torture him. Give Liam a health potion).Protector of the Small (Save Mirkon From the Harpies).Snake Whisperer (Protect Arabella from Kagha and her serpent).The Bard with Nine Lives (Rescue Volo from the Goblin Camp)
 

Wyll Endings in Baldur's Gate 3 : 

Wyll Breaks the Contract and Becomes a Human Again : Set for camp to trigger the conversation with Mizora
Encourage will to break the contract.Keep Wyll alive until the very end

Wyll Tips and Notes : Fire Warlock build Leather Helmet Leather Armour +1 Metallic Gloves Spiderstep Boots Ritual Axe and Dragon's Grasp Neck: Amulet of Elemental Torment Ring: Ring of Poison Resistance Ring: Crusher's Ring Optional: Any Light Crossbow +1 .Leather Helmet.Leather Armour +1.Metallic Gloves.Spiderstep Boots.Ritual Axe and Dragon's Grasp.Neck: Amulet of Elemental Torment Ring: Ring of Poison Resistance Ring: Crusher's Ring.Optional: Any Light Crossbow +1.Early access: It's possible for Wyll to die during the goblin battle. He may also get stuck at the gate afterwards, repeating "you'll have plenty of time to thank me later" and never moving towards the training area or giving his recruitment dialogue. The only known way to fix this is by reloading an earlier save from before the battle and trying again. .Wyll has innate proficiency with rapiers.Pursuing the Mizora Romance plate will make Wyll very pissed. Like going with this storyline is a constant source of Wyll disapproval
 

