Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik : Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal.    

Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik Objectives : Helsik the diabolist said she will help us reach the House of Hope if we steal a powerful artefact for her while we're there: Gauntlets of Hill Giant Strength. We agreed to the deal. She gave us a note with precise instructions - we should follow them in the ritual room upstairs.  

Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik Walkthrough : Sneak into the House of Hope, and get the Gauntlets of Hill Giant Strength in the Archive. Once you grab the item, the devils in House of Hope turn hostile.Note: Helsik has a special aura called Infectious Greed (The affected entity's attacks deal an additional 6d6 Piercing damage in the presence of Helsik. Additionally, it has Advantage on Attack Rolls against targets marked by Promise of Wealth). If you befriend Helsik by giving her items/golds you can benefit from this, you can even knock her out and carry her for the aura.  

 How to unlock Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik : Devil's Fee.Speak to Helsik after investigating the shop and finding the ritual room upstairs.  

Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik Rewards : Rewards The only reward for giving the gauntlets back to Helsik is the original entry instructions to the House of Hope. After giving the gauntlets back, you may purchase them from her shop for 1080 gp. .The only reward for giving the gauntlets back to Helsik is the original entry instructions to the House of Hope.After giving the gauntlets back, you may purchase them from her shop for 1080 gp.  

Acquire the Gauntlets for Helsik Notes & Tips : You can pickpocket the gauntlets back from her with a DC 13 Sleight of Hand check. Note that if you are caught thieving at any point, you will face Helsik, two gilded minotaur, and six gilded imps (May be more on Tactician). .Note that if you are caught thieving at any point, you will face Helsik, two gilded minotaur, and six gilded imps (May be more on Tactician).If you pass a DC 10 Deception check to tell Helsik you did not get the gloves, she will state you owe her the original fee proposed (20,000 gp) to enter the House of Hope. If you tell her you will not be paying her, either by refusing to or by not having the provided amount, she will be furious and her shop will be closed to you forever. .If you tell her you will not be paying her, either by refusing to or by not having the provided amount, she will be furious and her shop will be closed to you forever.You may avoid giving the gauntlets back by letting her know everything you took from the House of Hope is yours. She will originally be angry and state you had a deal. With a DC 10 Intimidation check, she will swiftly change her mind. This is the only method that you can use other than giving her the gauntlets where you can still purchase from her shop afterwards. Heroic companions such as Wyll and Karlach will disapprove of your methods of intimidation. .Heroic companions such as Wyll and Karlach will disapprove of your methods of intimidation.  