Aid the Underduke : Aid the Underduke is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Aid the Underduke can be acquired during Act 3. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Aid the Underduke Objectives : We overheard some gossip at Sharess' Caress. Nine Fingers, leader of the city's criminal Guild, is having her territory threatened by a new player on the scene: The Stone Lord. We should head to the Guildhall to find out more. 
Two drunken Guild members let slip that Nine-Fingers plans to ambush the Stone Lord at the city's Counting House. We need to get there first if we want to save. .We found a note indicating that Nine-Figers plans to ambush the Stone Lord at the city's Counting House. We need to get there first if we want to save him.
 
 

Aid the Underduke Walkthrough : While exploring Rivington, you find a group of guild men fighting Stonelord's men at the riverbank (X:-212, Y:87), you can pick a side or stay neutral. But there's an undercover harper in the team guild and you can find tadpoles on Stonelord's men (X-215, Y132), which makes helping the guild more rewarding. More tadpoles can be found in the central storage on the boat (X:-214, Y:131) and in a barrel (X:-255, Y:107). (Which side you pick makes no impact on the quest.).At Sharess' Caress, you can overhear two drunken men talking about Nine-fingers (Perception DC 15). You can then persuade them to talk more about the guide..Next, visit Guildhall at Lower City of Baldur's Gate, you can find the entrance at (X61, Y-99). You can open the entrance by lockpicking (DC 20), if you have Jaheira on the team, select "Careful, that's the High Harper Jaheira you're speaking to" grants you access. Or, you can use Persuasion, Deception, or Intimidation skills.. (Alternatively, collect the 'Guild Ring' from the house opposite the entrance (it's in a chest). Insert it into the wall slot to reveal the entrance.).Talk to Nine-Fingers in her office and learn that she has laid a trap to deal with that Stonelord, but won't tell you the details. Luckily 2 drunken guild members let slip that Nine-Fingers plans to ambush Minsc at City's Counting House. You can also find the details of the plan from Uktar (near X-30, Y754) by choosing "The Quicker I deal with the Stone Lord, the quicker Nine-Fingers gets back to business". The note in Keene's room also gives away her plan..Travel to the Counting House Bank, and ask Head Clerk Meadhoney to permit you to enter the vault. (You can use Persuasion, Intimidation, Deception skills or by having Jaheira with you.).You can find the bank pass and the code by sneaking upstairs, the pass can be found on a side table in the corner of the first room (X-103, Y-185), the code (1356) to the High-security vault is hidden in a book in the second room..There is plenty of loot in the Counting House Vault, you can use Dimensional door/Fly/Jump to get them. .When you reach the end of the Vault, use Water + Lightning to disable the gate to the lower level. Or you can use the code (1356) hidden in a book on the second floor..You find Minsc robbing the vault along with some Bhaalist Shapeshifters. Defeat the Bhaalists, on one of the Bhaalists, you will find the note mentioning Minsc's hideout is in the Sewers. (Succeed in perception checks and you can find the muddy footprints in the Vault, which also leads to the sewer.) .Talk to Rakath gives you a side quest Return Rakath's Gold. Before you leave the vault, don't forget to loot the safes, there's a tadpole specimen in High-security safe No.6.Now head to the city sewer, you can find Bhaalists in Abandoned Cistern (Accessed from northwest of City Sewers, near X-254, Y875). Jump on the pipes to reach an area with a Sluice Valve, unstuck it by passing an athletic check or interact with water level valve and temperature valve to open the door..In the Keep Out room, have your teammates stand on the pressure plates to enter a secret area..Once you find Minsc, use non-lethal attacks to knock him out. If Jaheira is alive, you can recruit Minsc to your team. .Return to the Guildhall and defeat the Zhentarim. Nine-Finger will join you in Gather Your Allies. (If Roah or Friol is still alive, you can side with Zhentarim and attack the Guild. Both Nine-Fingers and Zhentarim can be your allies in Gather Your Allies.)
 

 How to unlock Aid the Underduke : Nine-Fingers, Guildhall
 

Aid the Underduke Rewards : Rewards
 

Aid the Underduke Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

