Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help : Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help Objectives : We learned that a goblin tribe is led by a priestess with powerful magic. Dealing with goblins is risky, but this might be one way to cure ourselves.
We decided to trust Priestess Gut. If we follow her to her chapel, she'll examine the parasite.
Now that we have some privacy, Priestess Gut is prepared to assist us. All we need to do is drink a potion. 
We were drugged and imprisoned by Priestess Gut. She hopes that we'll turn into mind flayers so she can study us. We need to get out of here - now..Priestess Gut might have been able to help us, but being a goblin proved to be fatal for her. We'll need to find another way to remove the parasite..We've been marked as enemies of the Absolute - there's no way Priestess Gut will help us now..We repelled Priestess Gut's mental probe. Not capable of understanding what ailed us, she told us she couldn't help..We left the area without seeing if the goblin priestess could heal us.
 

Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help Walkthrough : Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help is a subquest for the Main Quest: Find a Cure
Head into the Shattered Sanctum and you will find the High Priestess of the Absolute, True Soul Gut at the end of the hall and speak with her and she will ask you to hold out your arm so she can mark your flesh. You will have these dialogue options.
Why should I let you brand me?.I assume this mark has a purpose..I'm not letting you burn me for life on a whim..I'm here to spill your guts across the floor.
You find out she carries a parasite as well. Choosing dialogue 1 will show a cutscene of Guts branding you (which Shadowheart will disapprove of) and will give you the following dialogue options. Choosing dialogue 3 will give you the following dialogue options directly. 
Push deeper into her mind..Sever the connection.
Gut offers to help you with your parasite, this gives you the following dialogue options.
 Do you think you can fix whatever's causing those shadows?.There's a creature inside my head. Can you help with that?.Any help would be appreciated. I need a healer..Can we talk privately? This is a sensitive matter..Leave.
Taking Guts offer to help you will end the dialogue and she will take you into the Chapel. You will have to leave your companions and enter the Chapel alone. Speak to her when you've entered alone. She will ask if you are ready, this will give you the following dialogue options.
Yes. I'm ready..What exactly are you going to do?.Change of plan. I'm going to kill you..Leave.
Choosing dialogue 1 will gain the disapproval of Astarion and Wyll but Karlach will approve. Once you are ready, Guts will shut the door and reach into your mind, this will give you the following dialogue options.
Seal your mind against the intrusion..Allow her to rummage through your memories..Attack. 
 Choosing dialogue 1 will give you the following dialogue options. Choosing dialogue 2 will skip this dialogue selection.
Relax your mind, directing her to the memory of your infection..Shut her out completely.
Choosing dialogue 1 will have Guts offer to take out the parasite, this will give you the following dialogue options.
Then get it out of me..I still have my senses. I'll find another way to deal with it..Pretty sure one of those parasites is squirming in your head too..I've heard enough - time to die.
Choosing dialogue 1 will agree to have Guts help take it out, this will give you the following dialogue options.
I'm ready.Give me a little time to prepare..What exactly does your plan involve?.I don't think so. Time to die.
Choosing dialogue 1 will cause Guts to give you a potion to drink to purify you. You must be a human or a character that is not immune to poison to be able to have the option to drink the potion. Having the Arcana proficiency will help you realize that Guts is trying to put you to sleep, giving you the following dialogue options.
That'll put me to sleep - are you trying to trick me?.[HALF-ELF] Drink the potion..I'm not drinking that.
Guts will inform you that she is only trying to help when choosing dialogue 1. You now have the option to drink the potion if you are a Half-Elf, to kill her or to not drink it.
 
Choosing to drink it will cause you to collapse and pass out. You will wake up later in chains in the Defiled Temple, allowing Guts to rummage through your memories will give you the following dialogue options. 
I was abducted... A mind flayer infected me with this thing..You're out of luck. I don't know any more about it than you do..I'll make you pay for this, goblin.
After choosing dialogue 1, Guts will explain that shes aware of what happens and will give you the following dialogue options.
Then stop this! Heal me..No, I'm not going to let that happen..You're infected. The same thing will happen to you..You won't life to see it, trust me.
After choosing dialogue 1, Guts will explain that she wants to witness your change, this will give you the following dialogue options.
If I do transform, you'll be my first meal..Keep quiet.
Choosing dialogue 2 will give you the following dialogue choices. If you chose not to let Guts rummage through your memories, it will go directly to this dialogue sequence when you wake up.
[ACROBATICS] Dislocate your wrist and wriggle free..[STRENGTH] Tense your muscles, straining against the chains..Preserve your strength.
Choosing dialogue 3 will complete Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help. 
 
Choosing to not drink it, and threatening to or choosing to attack will commence battle with Guts. Once defeated, you can loot her and find a Rancid Note and a key, read the note to find out about Halsin. Pick up the key and use it on the locked door in the Chapel. This will complete Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help.
 

 How to unlock Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help : Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help is a subquest of Find a Cure.
 

Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help Rewards : Rewards
 

Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

