Avenge Glut's Circle : Avenge Glut's Circle is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Avenge Glut's Circle can be acquired during Chapter 1 which involves helping the Myconid Colony of Glut. During Early Access, this quest was named 'Avenge the Sovereign' but was changed to full launch on August 3, 2023. This page will cover all information about the quest including location, walkthrough, objectives, rewards, and more.   

Avenge Glut's Circle Objectives : Speak with Glut.Kill the Duergar
 

How to unlock Avenge Glut's Circle : Myconid Colony, Glut
 

Avenge Glut's Circle Rewards : Featherlight Boots.Winter's Clutches
 

Avenge Glut's Circle Walkthrough : As you are exploring Ebonlake Grotto, you will meet the rest of the members of the Myconid Colony. Look for Glut nearby who will ask you to tell him of home. You will get the following options in the picture below:

Glut is a sovereign without a circle and he wishes to claim his power back. If you choose the second option, Glut will respond with its own picture of his own home. He will continue to tell you that duergar destroyed his people, and left without a circle. He wishes to join you to help cleans the Duergar rot. He offers to raise the dead and you will have command of it. You can respond with one of the options below:
Are you sure? It's going to be dangerous..Join me? That depends- can you make yourself useful?.Very well- you may join me..I don't need your help..I'm not traveling with some overgrown mushroom..Leave.
If you accept his help, then you will be given a new quest which is Avenge Glut's Circle. After agreeing to help Sovereign Glut, you will now go to seek the Duergar threatening the peace of the Myconid Colony. 

In the Decrepit Village at (X:15 Y:-179) a Duergar will spot you and take you to Gekh Coal who is ready to fight after you get caught sneaking. Attempting the Persuasion (Charisma) will require you to pass a DC check of 15.
I could've killed you before you even noticed me, but didn't. Stand down..[INTIMIDATION] Take your hand off that axe before you lose it..[PERSUASION] I can be discreet. No need for bloodshed..Attack him..Turn to leave.
If your attempt is successful he will let you live. He shares that a certain slave ran away and took Sergeant Thrinn's boots, which describes the same situation as Thulla did before. You can decide if you want to give the boots and tell him that you have it, or do it at a later time, or simply attack him here. If you have decided on how to proceed with this, make sure to walk towards (X:23 Y:-211) to discover a waypoint before moving on to the next interaction.
Following this walkthrough, we will keep our word to Sovereign Glut and Thulla. You can now return to the Myconid Colony and inform Glut that the Duergar has been taken care of. He demands to see the bodies, and you can walk back to the area to show him. However, as soon as Glut sees the body he's dissatisfied and wishes to take Spaw's circle. Glut is blinded by his hunger for power and wishes to devour the colony whole. If you take Glut's side you will need to return to the colony and kill everyone including Spaw. Alternatively, you can also take Glut to Spaw and talk to the ruler of the Myconid Circle. You can then choose to announce that you will depose Spaw in favor of Glut. Then if you kill only Spaw without hurting anyone else, Glut take control of the colony and you don't have to kill anyone else. If you take Glut's side you will receive Featherlight Boots and Winter's Clutches as rewards.
 
 

Avenge Glut's Circle Notes & Tips : You can use Glut to resurrect the Minotaurs, they carry Greatclub..You can use Glut to resurrect the Bulette..Note that if you choose to remain loyal to Spaw instead of Glut, his summoned minion will also attack you. Avoid this by desummoning any powerful minion before combat by reanimating a weaker enemy after the Duergar fight but before speaking with Glut again..Glut gains the Frenzied Spores condition after agreeing to kill Spaw. "Glut has increased hit points and Strength. It has access to more spore spells".It is possible to get the reward from Spaw for killing the Duergar before killing Spaw for Glut.

