Avenge the Drowned : Avenge the Drowned is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Avenge the Drowned can be acquired during Act 3. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Avenge the Drowned Objectives : Holli's corpse was retrieved by Grey Harbour fishers - they might know more about the beast that killed her.Flood Tide Allandra Grey bid us avenge Holli, a fallen Waveservant of Umberlee. She was killed by a noxious, polluting beast around Greyhour - must find it and slay master.
Grey Harbour's fisherfolk saw something huge underwater when Holi died. It went underneath Flynn's Cargo - we should take a look. 
Flymm's Cargo has a hidden basement - but we found it contained neither beast nor master. We should keep exploring the warehouse.
We found the beast - a metal submersible craft - and its master.: Redhammer the Deviser. If we want to fulfill our promise to Allandra, he has to die. 
We did as instructed and ended the metal beast's master. We should return to the Water Queen's House and tell Allandra Grey. 
 

Avenge the Drowned Walkthrough : Entering the Water Queen's House, you meet a group of Umberlee priestesses celebrating the funeral of Holli Dylford. Talk to Allandra and agrees to investigate who killed Holli.
Use Speak with Dead on Holly can learn that she's killed by a "Metal Monster".
Head to Grey Harbour, talk to Gowland who witnessed the cause of Holli's death. He saw something in the water that seemed to approach Flymm Cargo.
While exploring Flymm's Cargo, you find a hatch to the basement, covered by some trunks and crates.
(Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.)
Climb down to the basement, After a conversation with the Redhammer, you learn that he is responsible for Holli's death. 
Redhammer's submarine can take you to Iron Throne, where Gondians, Duke Ravengard, and Omeluum (if he is still alive) are kept hostages. Once you travel to Iron Throne, Gortash will turn hostile (quest Consider Gortash's Bargain auto fails), and you will have only 6 turns to save the hostages before entire building is flooded so make sure your team is prepared.
After your journey to Iron Throne (Quest Retrieve Omeluum and Save the Gondians), Flood Tide Allandra Grey demands you to turn Redhammer in, refuse will lead to a fight and fail this quest.
 

 How to unlock Avenge the Drowned : Allandra Grey at Water Queen's House, Lower City
 

Avenge the Drowned Rewards : Siding with Redhammer gets 332 gold, and loots from Water Queen's priestesses..Siding with Allandra Grey gets Wavemother's Robe as reward.
 

Avenge the Drowned Notes & Tips : The complition of this quest might not register correctly, if you side with Redhammer. Make sure he's not knocked down and stay near him, when the battle end. This will start the quest ending dialog with Red..The mermaids conspire with the Sahuagin to scam the Sailors of their money, you can find them working together in the back of the cave beneath the temple.
 

