Avenge the Ironhands : Avenge the Ironhands is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Avenge the Ironhands can be acquired during Act 3.    

Avenge the Ironhands Objectives : Meet the Ironhand Gnomes in Baldur's Gate.Follow the gnomes.Speak to Wulbren.Destroy the Steel Watch Foundry.Speak to Wulbren.  

Avenge the Ironhands Walkthrough : When you are about to pass the South span of Wyrm's Crossing, you will be stopped by the guards. A gnome suddenly appears and distracts the guards' attention. Follow her to Ironhans' hideout -- Angleiron's Cellar.Talk to the leader (Wulbren if he is still alive) of Iron Hands gnomes, you can agree to his plan to blow up Steel Watch Foundry with Runepowder Bomb.You need to Infiltrate the Lower level of the Steel Watch Foundary to blow up the assembly. However, if you managed to save Gondians in Iron Throne (Quest Save the Gondians), you can ask Zanner Toobin to blow the Foundary, save the Runepowder Bomb for future battles.You can enter the the Steel Watch Foundry (X:-236 Y:-180) by open the front gates. Head inside and reach the main door (X:-292 Y:-172) you will need to pass the Sleight of Hand Dexterity Skill Check with a DC of 20 to lock pick the door. Once you head in, you will have to look for Gondian Zanner Toobin. The door to the security office (X:-311 Y:-165) is locked, you will need to pass the Sleight of Hand Dexterity Skill Check with a DC of 15 to lock pick the door. Gondian Zanner Toobin should be inside. . (You can jump to Steel Watch Foundary through See Queen's Temple). (Infiltrate Steel Watch Foundary from roof.). (Use the Vent X-246, Y-126 to get inside.).If you want to save the Gondians, you need to save the hostages in Iron Throne. (see quest Save the Gondians).After you blow up the Foundary, the Ironhand Gnomes show up and confront any surviving Gondians. If Barcus is still alive, you can make him the new leader with a PERSUASION check and both Gondians and Ironhands become allies. Intimidate Wulbren to walk away and he promise death on both the party and the Gondians.Iron Hands gnomes and Gondians are potential allies in Gather Your Allies.  

 How to unlock Avenge the Ironhands : Talk to Wulbren in Angleiron's Cellar.Philomeen  

Avenge the Ironhands Rewards : Gontr Mael .A new ally for Gather Your Allies  

Avenge the Ironhands Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  