Break Yurgir's Contract : Break Yurgir's Contract is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Break Yurgir's Contract can be acquired during Act 2. This quest takes place in the Shadow Cursed Lands, more specifically in one of the ruined hallways in the Gauntlet of Shar.  This is done as an alternative subquest for the Kill Raphael's Old Enemy main quest. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Break Yurgir's Contract Objectives : The orthon is bound by Raphael's contract and seeks a way to free himself from it.
 

Break Yurgir's Contract Walkthrough : After exiting your dialogue with Yurgir circle back to the T-junction (X:-684, Y:-754) just outside of the alcove/hallway off-shoot where you meet the devil. With your back towards Yurgir veer to the right until you hit a broken floor. Look to your left and you'll find a descending path you can walk downwards with. Once you reach the bottom you'll notice a Cragged Rock you can interact with to travel even lower. Make two more jumps down and click on the next Cragged Rock you find. Hang right and you'll discover a book called "One Becomes Many," a Cracked Helm of Shar, and a Broken Effigy (X:-709, Y:-723).
 
Interact with the Broken Effigy. Regardless of whether you pass the passive Arcana check you'll be presented with a dialogue cutscene with one of the many rats you've seen throughout the temple. Using Speak with Animals on one of your party members, you'll want to then select the number 2 option "You're no ordinary rat, are you? None of you are." Following the rat's response choose the number 2 option again, "Are you telling me you're one person turned into a swarm of rats? How can that be?" After which you can finally select the 1st dialogue choice, "I don't usually bargain with rats. If I let you live, what's in it for me?"
 
The rat will then offer to reveal the location of a secret stash of Sharran treasure. If want to find the hidden Sharran treasure he offers AND also kill him, then simply select the 1st dialogue option, "All right. Your lives for this treasure. You'd better be level with me." However, it is highly encouraged you save before the start of the dialogue in general or somewhere during as landing a killing blow on the rat while it's running around after the dialogue has ended can be difficult and you only have one shot at initiating the combat encounter to complete the quest. Otherwise, all the rats in the temple will disappear, leaving the quest un-finishable. 
 
If you're not concerned with the treasure then all you need to do is choose the 2nd option "Attack." At this point combat will immediately initiate and you'll face off against a swarm of roughly 40 or so rats. Be mindful of the Soporific Rats if you're using melee characters, as the rat releases Narcoleptic Toxins upon death, which causes a Sleep spell to go off in a small radius around them. AoE spells and abilities or Magic Missile are extremely effective for this encounter.
 
After killing all of them one of the rats will transform into the missing Dark Justiciar, Lyrthindor. He is a level 7 adversary with 112 hit points and no resistances. Be wary of his Sleep spell. You'll be asked to enter another dialogue. Here you're offered one final chance to back out of your hunt for the Dark Justiciar. But for the purposes of completing this quest just pick the "Attack" option and continue combat until the Dark Justiciar is dead.
 
Upon his death make sure to loot his body; Lyrthindor will drop a Very Rare scimitar called Justiciar's Scimitar along with a Rare shield called Justiciar's Greatshield (item details below).
 
Know that upon completing the quest you will NOT receive the Infernal Metal as you would should you have chosen to kill Yurgir. Also, your relationship with Astarion will be all but jeopardized if earlier on you agreed to help him discover the meaning of the scars on his back via parleying with Raphael.
 
 

 How to unlock Break Yurgir's Contract : Quest Giver: Yurgir / Location (X:-650, Y:-754)
 

Break Yurgir's Contract Rewards : Rewards from Yurgir: Yurgir offers you anything leftover in his lair for you to scavenge, the most notable piece of loot being located in a chest (X:-633, Y:-719), which contains a Rare set of boots known as the Boots of Brilliance. Boots of Brilliance (Rare) - Restore Bardic Inspiration (Class Action) .Yurgir offers you anything leftover in his lair for you to scavenge, the most notable piece of loot being located in a chest (X:-633, Y:-719), which contains a Rare set of boots known as the Boots of Brilliance. Boots of Brilliance (Rare) - Restore Bardic Inspiration (Class Action) .Boots of Brilliance (Rare) - Restore Bardic Inspiration (Class Action).Loot from Lyrthindor's corpse: Justiciar's Scimitar (Very Rare) - 6~11 Damage, 1d6+5 Slashing, Shadow-Binding: If you attack with Advantage, you have a chance to Blind your target. Weapon Enchantment +2. Weapon Actions: Backbreaker, Flourish, Shadowsoaked Blow (Short Rest) - 1d6+8 Slashing + 1d6 Psychic - "Strike an enemy, adding your Proficiency Bonus to the damage. Moreover, if the attack hits, it deals an additional 1~6 Psychic damage. This attack doesn't break concealment." Justiciar's Greatshield (Rare) - +2 Armor, Item Reaction: Shield Bash, Item Class Bonus Action: Darkness Cloak (Short Rest) - 2m distance - Create a cloud of magical darkness and immediately attempt to Hide. - 2 turns .Justiciar's Scimitar (Very Rare) - 6~11 Damage, 1d6+5 Slashing, Shadow-Binding: If you attack with Advantage, you have a chance to Blind your target. Weapon Enchantment +2. Weapon Actions: Backbreaker, Flourish, Shadowsoaked Blow (Short Rest) - 1d6+8 Slashing + 1d6 Psychic - "Strike an enemy, adding your Proficiency Bonus to the damage. Moreover, if the attack hits, it deals an additional 1~6 Psychic damage. This attack doesn't break concealment.".Justiciar's Greatshield (Rare) - +2 Armor, Item Reaction: Shield Bash, Item Class Bonus Action: Darkness Cloak (Short Rest) - 2m distance - Create a cloud of magical darkness and immediately attempt to Hide. - 2 turns
 

Break Yurgir's Contract Notes & Tips : You also have the option to simply tell the rat you won't kill it. This can be done without using Speak with Animals if you pass an Animal Handling check. This sub-quest will be marked as completed by using this option, all the rats will disappear and you will have to kill Yurgir if you want to complete Kill Raphael's Old Enemy (and get the Umbral Gem next to him)..Magic Missile and Spirit Guardians are the perfect choice of spells for multi-single target and AoE damage during the fight against the Swarm of Rats..Even if you failed to help Yurgir here, you can still persuade him to join your cause when fighting Rapheal in House of Hope.
 

