Confront the Elder Brain : Confront the Elder Brain is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Confront the Elder Brain can be acquired during 3 and begins after the cutscene featuring the Netherbrain. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Confront the Elder Brain Objectives : We can thwart the Chosen of the Dead Three by taking control of the elder brain - but will we use that control to liberate or to conquer? Whatever the answer, it lies in Baldur's Gate. 
We finally arrived in Badlur's Gate. To face the elder brain, we must obtain the Netherstones from the three Chosen. We already have Ketheric's Netherstone. .Get Orin's Netherstone.Get Gortash's Netherstone
 
 

Confront the Elder Brain Walkthrough : After you collected all three Nether stones. You can travel to Morphic Pool from Undercity Ruins..Before you venture to Morphis Pool, make sure you tie all loose ends in Baldur's Gate, and gather all your potential allies: Volo the Bard (Passive: Volo's Guide to Monsters - +2 to all attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. You need to save him in Goblin Camp and Lower City Baldur's Gate) Battle-Ready Owlbear and Dammon: Recruit Owlbear Cub in your camp and save Dammon. Barcus Wroot and Wulbren: You can save Barcus Wroot in the Blighted Village in Act 1. You then need to help out the enslaved gnomes when you take on True Soul Nere in Grymforge. Later in Act 2, talk to Barcus Wroot in Last Light Inn, and make sure you rescue Wulbren in Moonrise Towers. Halsin: Rescue Halsin in the Goblin Camp during Act 1, then cure the shadow curse in Act 2. (Passive Spirit of the Land - +1 to all ability scores; +2 meters movement range.) Florrick: Rescue Florrick in Act 3. Isobel: Make sure that Isobel stays alive throughout Act 2 and spare Nightsong. Nightsong: Free and spare Nightsong in the realm beneath the Gauntlet of Shar. Then, in Act 3, defend her against Lorroakan. Mizora: Save her in the Mind Flayer Colony at the end of Act 2. Bhaal's Slayer: Start out with the Dark Urge origin and defeat Orin the Red. When prompted, accept your destiny as Bhaal's Chosen. Ulma and the Gur: Progress Astarion's personal quest in Cazador's Dungeon. Make Astarion refuse the allure of vampiric ascendancy, and free the captive spawn. Vampire Ascendant Astarion: In Cazador's Dungeon, allow Astarion to complete the ritual to become a Vampire Ascendant. Inspector Valeria: Complete the full Murder Mystery story arc in Act 3 and him alive in Murder Tribunal. Jaheira's Harpers: Complete Jaheira's The High Harper quest chain. Duke Ravengard: Save Duke Ravengard in Iron Throne. Wyll does NOT need to accept Mizora's offer. Yurgir: In Act 3 enter the House of Hope and fight Raphael, you have a dialogue option to make him join you temporarily. Lorroakan: Make sure that Nightsong survives Act 2. Then, in Act 3, betray her by handing her over to Lorroakan. Rolan: Make sure Rolan survives Act 1 and Act 3, then, in Act 3 kill Lorroakan and make Rolan owner. Viconia DeVir: Handover Shadowheart to Sharran Cultists in Act 3. Shadowheart: Let Shadowheart kill Nightsong in Act 2. Then, in the House of Grief, help her attain her leadership position in the enclave. Orpheus: Obtain the Orphic Hammer by claiming it from Raphael in Deal with the Devil, or by stealing it in the House of Hope. Then, free him in the Astral Plane. Strange Ox (Need Confirmation): Keep the Ox alive and smuggle him into Baldur's Gate. Kith'rak Voss: progress Lae'zel's personal quest and free Prince Orpheus. Arabella: Save Arabella in Act 1, then find her parents in Act 2, and let her take Wither's advice. In Act 3, find her in city sewers. Nine-Fingers; Help her in the quest Aid the Underduke. The Gondians: Save the Gondians from Iron Throne and disabled the steel watchers. .Volo the Bard (Passive: Volo's Guide to Monsters - +2 to all attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. You need to save him in Goblin Camp and Lower City Baldur's Gate).Battle-Ready Owlbear and Dammon: Recruit Owlbear Cub in your camp and save Dammon..Barcus Wroot and Wulbren: You can save Barcus Wroot in the Blighted Village in Act 1. You then need to help out the enslaved gnomes when you take on True Soul Nere in Grymforge. Later in Act 2, talk to Barcus Wroot in Last Light Inn, and make sure you rescue Wulbren in Moonrise Towers..Halsin: Rescue Halsin in the Goblin Camp during Act 1, then cure the shadow curse in Act 2. (Passive Spirit of the Land - +1 to all ability scores; +2 meters movement range.).Florrick: Rescue Florrick in Act 3..Isobel: Make sure that Isobel stays alive throughout Act 2 and spare Nightsong..Nightsong: Free and spare Nightsong in the realm beneath the Gauntlet of Shar. Then, in Act 3, defend her against Lorroakan..Mizora: Save her in the Mind Flayer Colony at the end of Act 2..Bhaal's Slayer: Start out with the Dark Urge origin and defeat Orin the Red. When prompted, accept your destiny as Bhaal's Chosen. .Ulma and the Gur: Progress Astarion's personal quest in Cazador's Dungeon. Make Astarion refuse the allure of vampiric ascendancy, and free the captive spawn..Vampire Ascendant Astarion: In Cazador's Dungeon, allow Astarion to complete the ritual to become a Vampire Ascendant. .Inspector Valeria: Complete the full Murder Mystery story arc in Act 3 and him alive in Murder Tribunal..Jaheira's Harpers: Complete Jaheira's The High Harper quest chain..Duke Ravengard: Save Duke Ravengard in Iron Throne. Wyll does NOT need to accept Mizora's offer..Yurgir: In Act 3 enter the House of Hope and fight Raphael, you have a dialogue option to make him join you temporarily..Lorroakan: Make sure that Nightsong survives Act 2. Then, in Act 3, betray her by handing her over to Lorroakan..Rolan: Make sure Rolan survives Act 1 and Act 3, then, in Act 3 kill Lorroakan and make Rolan owner..Viconia DeVir: Handover Shadowheart to Sharran Cultists in Act 3..Shadowheart: Let Shadowheart kill Nightsong in Act 2. Then, in the House of Grief, help her attain her leadership position in the enclave..Orpheus: Obtain the Orphic Hammer by claiming it from Raphael in Deal with the Devil, or by stealing it in the House of Hope. Then, free him in the Astral Plane..Strange Ox (Need Confirmation): Keep the Ox alive and smuggle him into Baldur's Gate..Kith'rak Voss: progress Lae'zel's personal quest and free Prince Orpheus..Arabella: Save Arabella in Act 1, then find her parents in Act 2, and let her take Wither's advice. In Act 3, find her in city sewers..Nine-Fingers; Help her in the quest Aid the Underduke..The Gondians: Save the Gondians from Iron Throne and disabled the steel watchers. .In Morphis Pool, fight your way to the Elder Brain. There you will trigger a cut scene with the elder brain, successfully passing the DC99 check will reduce the HP of the Elder Brain by 10% in the final confrontation..After your failed attempt, your team will be teleported to Astral Plane. There you need to decide whether to let Emperor suck Prince Orpheus' brain, or free Orpheus (with the Hammer you get in quest Free Orpheus) and let him or one of your teammates turn into Mind Flayer..Depending on your choice, Emperor or Orpheus will join your team. Now you lead your team all the way to the High Hall. Remember you can now summon as many allies as you want during the fight. But they can only be summoned in battle, and they will not be summoned again once they die..On your way to the Elder Brain, A Nautiloid will aim and bombard the area when you climb the stairs. Stay away from the marked area ASAP to avoid being killed. .If you find the fight in High Hall courtyard too diffcult, you can use the Upper City Sewer, which provides you a short cut to High Hall, guarded by Death Knight Stalker Svignee and some other enemies.(The entrance to the Upper City Sewers a Metal Door at X264, Y128.).When you reach on top of Elder Brain, you need to defeat the enemies and get close enough to Karsus' Crown to cast the control spell. You need to protect the caster in the meantime. .Successfully casting the spell opens the portal to Elder Brain, you need to kill it before it breaks from the spells (4 turns). Note that once damaged the Elder Brain releases a psychic shockwave, don't forget to use psychic resistance potions and heal your teammates.
 

 How to unlock Confront the Elder Brain : Auto acquired.
 

Confront the Elder Brain Rewards : Rewards
 

Confront the Elder Brain Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

