Control the Elder Brain : Control the Elder Brain is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Control the Elder Brain can be acquired during Act 3 and is part of the quest to Confront the Elder Brain. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Control the Elder Brain Objectives : Whoever has control over the Netherbrain will hold unspeakable power. We could dominate it and have a thousand kingdoms at our command. We dominated the Netherbrain.We chose to destroy the Netherbrain instead of dominating it.  

Control the Elder Brain Walkthrough : Dominate the Elder Brain is a subquest of Confront the Elder Brain. Once you defeat the unbreakable will of the netherbrain, a cutscene will show the Netherbrain in pain, begging to be spared. Orpheus is trying to retain the brain. You will have the following dialogue options. Go ahead. Command the brain to destroy all the tadpoles and then itself.[MELEE ATTACK] Betray Orpheus. Dominate the brain. Become the Absolute. Choosing dialogue 1 will show the Netherbrain obeying your command. You are in pain from the parasite burning in your brain. For the first time your thoughts are your own but the Elder Brain drops from the sky. All the mind flayers are defeated. You and your companions have a conversation on the docks, Orpheus talks about wanting to liberate his people but he has done it wrong. He asks you to end him, and asks Lae'zel to carry his hope, You will have the following dialogue options. You should do this, Lae'zel. Your people need you.[PERSUASION] You have found new purpose here, Lae'zel. Stay in Faerun, craft a new fate. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Lae'zel agree to do it. Orpheus asks again for you to end him.You will have the following dialogue options. You don't deserve to die.You're a mind flayer, but you're still you, aren't you?.Kill him. Give him the honourable death he craves. Choosing dialogue 3 will put him to his end. Lae'zel will call upon Quulos and flies away. The Githyanki leaves, and Gale brings up how the crown is still in the Chionthar, and he wishes to forge it but is unsure what to use it for. You will have the following dialogue options. Such a power was not meant for mortals. Retrieve the Crown, and give it to Mystra, as she asked.Wear it, and become a god?.Perhaps it's best you leave it where it is. Lest anyone should ever again be tempted by such power. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Gale listen and agree to your suggestion. You will have the following dialogue options. Better yet, you'll be her Chosen again. .Why do you care what Mystra thinks? Keep the Crown and you could be a god. .Are you sure you're ready to give up such powers? You'll never have the chance again. Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Gale is appreciative of his journey with you. Wyll also agrees to having a celebration. You will have the following dialogue options. A celebration sounds perfect.We should stay in the city. Help to rebuild it.Let's get out of this godforsaken city. I hear amn is lovely this time of year.I think it's we part ways. Choosing dialogue 1 will show that everyone agrees to this, Astarion leaves to find shade as he burns under sunlight.  

 How to unlock Control the Elder Brain : Dominate the Elder Brain is a subquest of Confront the Elder Brain.  

Control the Elder Brain Rewards : Rewards  

Control the Elder Brain Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  