Defeat the Duergar Intruders : Defeat the Duergar Intruders is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Defeat the Duergar Intruders can be acquired during Act 1. Completing  Defeat the Duergar Intruders will progress the story forward.   

Defeat the Duergar Intruders Objectives : Defeat the Duergar Intruders at Underdark - Beach  

Defeat the Duergar Intruders Walkthrough : You can find the Myconid Colony at the north of Underdark. Speak with Sovereign Spaw to get this quest.Defeat the duergars at Underdark - Beach.After the quest is complete, Sovereign Spaw will give you access to his treasure within "Sovereign's Refuge", and offer you another quest; Deliver Nere's Head.  

 How to unlock Defeat the Duergar Intruders : Sovereign Spaw at Myconid Colony  

Defeat the Duergar Intruders Rewards : Bliss Spores.Shadow of Menzoberranzan.Scroll of Ray of Sickness.Scroll of Blindness.Scroll of False Life.Scroll of Hold Person.The Great Furnace of Grymforge This item is looted from a Lolth-Sworn Drow in the center of the room, labeled "Pale Corpse". The title initially reads "Flumph Mating Rituals" but a successful skill check will reveal its true title and contents. .This item is looted from a Lolth-Sworn Drow in the center of the room, labeled "Pale Corpse". The title initially reads "Flumph Mating Rituals" but a successful skill check will reveal its true title and contents.Icy Metal This item is looted from a Lolth-Sworn Drow in the center of the room, labeled "Pale Corpse". .This item is looted from a Lolth-Sworn Drow in the center of the room, labeled "Pale Corpse".  

Defeat the Duergar Intruders Notes & Tips : Casting Speak with Dead on Pale Corpse allows you to discover his identity is Xargrim, one of three Drow seeking the Adamantine Forge and the one responsible for summoning the Spectator that petrified Dhourn. If the player did not pass any of the skill checks to reveal the true nature of the book looted off his body they can ask him about the book, prompting him to explain that a magical illusion has been placed on it.