Defeat Mystic Carrion : Defeat Mystic Carrion is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Defeat Mystic Carrion can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal. It is a subquest for the Find Mystic Carrion's Servant quest. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Defeat Mystic Carrion Objectives : We killed Mystic Carion, but he seems to have resurrected and killed one of his servants. There must be a way to kill him for good. Maybe his mansion holds answers.
 

Defeat Mystic Carrion Walkthrough : Mystic Carrion's house is located in Lower City. You can disguise yourself as a gnome or halfling to sneak in through a hole (X31, Y-166). (There are other ways to get into the building, including a hidden door on the western side, a Locked door on the southern side that can be accessed from the roof. ).You can find Mystic Carrion on the first floor. Agree to help him and he asks you to bring back the body of one of his zombie servants..The servant of Mystic Carrion is hiding in the Wardrobe in Smuggler's Beach house..Thrumbo reveals that the Mystic Carrion is an evil mummy lord, you can kill Thrumbo to get the ring or embark on a jar-collecting quest to kill the Mystic Carrion and free Thrumbo..If you aim to kill Mystic Carrion. You need to find all 4 jars of organs..Jar of Mystic Carrion's Lungs can be found in the Mortuary in the city's graveyard (X 27, Y 19). (Jar of Mystic Carrion's Lungs is on a table in the Mortuary.).From the Undercity Ruins waypoint and head west to the Passageway. Enter the Ancient Lair and lockpick the door with a DC 20 Sleight of Hand check. Looting or lockpicking will trigger a fight with a lot of undead..Jar of Mystic Carrion's Brain is on a table. Jar of Mystic Carrion's Liver is in a Guilded Chest to the left of it..Read the book called "Funerary Jar Form and Function" in this room. It gives you the clue for Jar of the heart, which is actually located within Thrumbo. Talk to Thrumbo to get the Jar of Mystic Carrion's Heart.
 

 How to unlock Defeat Mystic Carrion : Thrumbo
 

Defeat Mystic Carrion Rewards : If you defeat him, he drops "Staff of Cherished Necromancy" "Armor of the Sporekeeper" "Veil of the Morning" as well as a spell scroll and a key and a rusty key..Thrumbo then comes in and gives you a "Crypt Lord Ring" with has a level 6 create undead spell in it.
 

Defeat Mystic Carrion Notes & Tips : Mystic Carrion also relates to Free the Artist quest..Notes & tips go here
 

