Discover the Artefact's Secrets : Discover the Artefact's Secrets is a Personal Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Discover the Artefact's Secrets can be acquired during Act I. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Discover the Artefact's Secrets Objectives : Objective 1: Find out more about the artefact. Dror Ragzlin, the goblin king, spoke of the artefact we carry. He is trying to gain information about its whereabouts from a dead mind flayer. It must be powerful. We should find out more about it. Shadowheart carries a strange artefact. It seemed to protect us from a horrible voice. She stubbornly avoids the subject. We should find out more about it. .Dror Ragzlin, the goblin king, spoke of the artefact we carry. He is trying to gain information about its whereabouts from a dead mind flayer. It must be powerful. We should find out more about it..Shadowheart carries a strange artefact. It seemed to protect us from a horrible voice. She stubbornly avoids the subject. We should find out more about it..Objective 2: Find the Githyanki Creche. The githyanki are looking for the artefact we carry. They mentioned a Githyanki Creche nearby. Perhaps we can learn more about what the artefact is there. .The githyanki are looking for the artefact we carry. They mentioned a Githyanki Creche nearby. Perhaps we can learn more about what the artefact is there..Objective 3: Find the captain of the Githyanki Creche. A guard inside the Githyanki Creche told us to report to the captain. The guards at the entrance to the Githyanki Creche mentioned a captain. We should talk to these guards to find out more about what they're doing. .A guard inside the Githyanki Creche told us to report to the captain..The guards at the entrance to the Githyanki Creche mentioned a captain. We should talk to these guards to find out more about what they're doing..Objective 4: Talk to the captain of the Githyanki Creche. The captain is looking for the artefact we carry. We should speak to her and see what we can find out. .The captain is looking for the artefact we carry. We should speak to her and see what we can find out..Objective 5: Talk to the inquisitor in the Githyanki Creche. The inquisitor is displeased with the lack of progress on the hunt for the artefact. We should speak to him to find out more - the githyanki seem desperate to find it. .The inquisitor is displeased with the lack of progress on the hunt for the artefact. We should speak to him to find out more - the githyanki seem desperate to find it..Objective 6: Defeat the inquisitor in the Githyanki Creche. The inquisitor demanded that we hand over the artefact, but we refused. Our only option now is to defeat him and his guards. The inquisitor called the artefact the 'Astral Prism'. We communicated with the lich queen Vlaakith, who told us there is someone inside the artefact - and that we should kill them. We can combine the artefact with the planecaster to enter it. .The inquisitor demanded that we hand over the artefact, but we refused. Our only option now is to defeat him and his guards..The inquisitor called the artefact the 'Astral Prism'. We communicated with the lich queen Vlaakith, who told us there is someone inside the artefact - and that we should kill them. We can combine the artefact with the planecaster to enter it..Objective 7: Enter the Astral Prism. The inquisitor called the artefact the 'Astral Prism.' We communicated with the lich queen Vlaakith, who told us there is someone inside the artefact - and that we should kill them. We can combine the artefact with the planecaster to enter it. .The inquisitor called the artefact the 'Astral Prism.' We communicated with the lich queen Vlaakith, who told us there is someone inside the artefact - and that we should kill them. We can combine the artefact with the planecaster to enter it..Objective 8: Find the being in the Astral Prism. We entered the Astral Prism. Now to find who's in here. .We entered the Astral Prism. Now to find who's in here..Objective 9: Leave the Astral Prism. There is indeed a being inside the artefact. We spoke to them and decided not to kill them. We can leave the Astral Prism. .There is indeed a being inside the artefact. We spoke to them and decided not to kill them. We can leave the Astral Prism.
 

Discover the Artefact's Secrets Walkthrough : Walkthrough
 

 How to unlock Discover the Artefact's Secrets : Quest Giver / Location
 

Discover the Artefact's Secrets Rewards : Rewards
 

Discover the Artefact's Secrets Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

