Find the Githyanki Crèche : Find the Githyanki Crèche is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find the Githyanki Crèche can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Find the Githyanki Crèche Walkthrough : Find the Githyanki Crèche is a subquest of Find a Cure.
You will have to go to the Mountain pass (X:100 Y:547) and a cutscene will play where a dragon will burn down the bridge. After the cutscene, a dialogue sequence with Lae'zel will begin, she tells you that the Crèche should be near. You will have the following dialogue options.
The Githyanki look dangerous. Stay back..The dragon incinerated those soldiers - surely this isn't safe?.And we'll just pat the dragon on the head, I suppose?.Let's go..Leave.
Choosing dialogue 4 will end the dialogue sequence and give you an journal update on The Githyanki Warrior. Head to the other Githyanki with a dragon. Lae'zel will speak with Kith'rak Voss, but he will ask for her name due to the tone she speaks to him with. You will have the following dialogue options.
Nod to Lae'zel. Go ahead..I will be speaking on her behalf, gith.
Choosing option 1 will gain Lae'zel's approval. The conversation between Lae'zel and Kith'rak continues about the artefact, but you have thoughts against handing it to them. You will have the following dialogue choices.
Mouth a silent command to Lae'zel: 'truth'..[PERSUASION] Mouth a silent command to Lae'zel: 'play along'.Produce the odd artefact. You're looking for this, I take it?.I have my own mandate. Time to die, gith.
You will need to pass a skill check DC of 10 when you choose dialogue 2, it will also gain Lae'zel and Shadowheart's approval. Kith'rak will be satisfied with Lae'zel's answer and tells them that he will be flying to Vlaakith, but with the Perception proficiency, you believe he is lying. After he leaves, you can speak to Lae'zel. She praises you for your dialogue choices, and tells you that the Crèche is near. Follow the stone bridge (X:-155 Y:554) to the Mountain Pass. A cutscene will start where you and your party are in distress and you hear disembodied voices speaking about their chosen, and about the Artefact. Shadowheart raises the artefact which dispels the voices. Lae'zel questions why Shadowheart holds the artefact, this gives you the following dialogue options.
You've got some explaining to do first - what is that thing you have?.The vision... that voice - what was it?.That power... is that what happens to other, when we use the parasite on them?.Seems that trinket's important. Keep it close.
Shadowheart does not exactly know what the artefact is, only that she has to take it back to Baldur's Gate. This will give you the following dialogue options.
Why Baldur's Gate? What aren't you telling me?.There must be more to it - I need you to level with me..Leave.
Choosing dialogue 1 will grant you a journal update for Daughter of Darkness, Shadowheart will also open up about serving Shar and that she is the only one left out of her group that is ordered to retrieve the artefact. She chooses not to share more, this will give you the following dialogue options.
You've been lying to me. How long were you going to keep this secret?.I don't care who you worship. Tell me about the artefact..I didn't agree to join up with a Shar worshipper..Your faith is your own concern, not mine..Well, thank you for sharing.
Choosing dialogue 2 will not get Shadowheart to talk about the artefact, instead Lae'zel will join in saying it is an artefact of the Githyanki, while Shadowheart says she will not fail her people in returning it to Baldur's Gate. While you become aware how powerful the artefact is, this will give you the following dialogue choices.
Enough, both of you. We need to work together..Keep that thing safe - seems we'll need it..Give me the artefact. Better if I hold onto it.
Choosing dialogue 1 will lead to Shadowheart keeping the artefact. this grants you a journal update for Discover the Artefact's Secrets. Continue onto the Mountain Pass. You will end up at Rosymorn Monastery Trail. Head over to the Cable Car Wheel (X:-46 Y:-85) and interact with it, you will need to succeed in a Strength skill check with a DC of 15 to use the Cable Car. Once you get off, enter the Rosymon Monastery from the side (X:73 Y:7) a cutscene with some Githyankis and some dwarves talking about the artefact will begin when you are nearing the entrance. Head in and go through the broken window on the left to enter the Rosymorn Monstery. Once you enter, explore the Githyanki Crèche. Look for the door to the Crèche Y'llek (X:69 Y:84), head inside and a dialogue sequence will start when a guard questions why you have come. You will get the following dialogue choices.
Allow Lae'zel to answer..I'm on your side! Captain Voss sent me to find an item for you..I was infected by an illithid. I have proof that they are invading. We need your help..[INTIMIDATION] Let me pass. Fighting me will end badly for you..[PERSUASION] You Githyanki hate illithid. I have proof that they're invading. We need your help..Attack.
Choosing dialogue 1 will gain Lae'zel's approval and Shadowheart's disapproval. Lae'zel will speak to the guard, and gain permission to head to the Infirmary. Go through the heavy oak doors at the end of the hall, go straight ahead and make the first left turn and on the left side of the Classroom is the Infirmary (X:1299 Y:-809). Speak with Ghustil Stornugoss who is located in the upper right corner of the room. Interact with her and you will get the following dialogue options.
I'd prefer Lae'zel to speak on my behalf..What are you hoping to learn from dissecting that thing?.Is that thing's host still alive?.I've got a tadpole needs removing. Can you help me?.Leave.
Interact with Ghutstil about the Zaith'isk. You will have the following dialogue options.
What does the zaith'isk do?.What are you hoping to learn from dissecting that thing?.Is that thing's host still alive?.I've got a tadpole needs removing. Can you help me?.Leave
 
Choosing dialogue 4 will get Ghustil interested to cure you, and asks how long has it been infecting you. You will have the following dialogue options. 
A few days? I stopped counting when I ran out of fingers..Longer than you'd expect ceremorphosis to take. And with none of the symptoms..Too long. Just get this thing out of me.
Choosing dialogue 1 will get Ghustil interested and convinces you to sit in the device to cure you. You will have the following dialogue options.
What will the zaith'isk do?.You have my thanks..Actually... Maybe i'll come back later.
Choosing dialogue 1 or 2 will end the conversation and Ghustil will take you to the device.
 
Choosing dialogue 1 ( I'd prefer Lae'zel to speak on my behalf) will gain Lae'zel's approval, Lae'zel and Ghustil will speak about being infected with the tadpole but showing no signs. Ghustil will show interest and want to cure you. This will give you the following dialogue options.
And the zaith'isk is?.What will the zaith'isk do?.You have my thanks..Actually... Maybe I'll come back later.
Choosing dialogue 1 will have Ghustil guide you to the structure in the middle. Choosing dialog 2 will allow Ghustil explain that the device will relieve you of the parasite. Interacting with it will give you the following dialogue options.
Go ahead, Lae'zel. You've earned it..Stand back. I'm going first..[INVESTIGATION] Examine the device
If dialogue 3 was chosen you will need to pass the Investigation check with a DC of 15. It continues to describe the device as an ingenious synthesis of illithid anatomy and metal alloys that hums with psionic energy. Lae'zel appears to be getting impatient. You will have these dialogue options.
Go ahead Lae'zel. You've earned it..Stand back. I'm going first.
Choosing dialog 1 will gain the approval of Lae'zel, and she goes in first. Choosing dialogue 2 will anger Lae'zel and she will demand for you to respect her wishes to go first. You will have the following dialogue options. 
Very well. Step forward and be cleansed..You would still be hunting for this place without my guidance. I will cured first..Make way, Lae'zel. I am purging myself on this damned parasite.
 
Lae'zel sits first. When the device starts, you also feel the pain Lae'zel feels. You start to question the device, you will have the following dialogue options.
[PERSUASION] Get out of there, Lae'zel. You won't survive this anguish..[WISDOM] Call on your parasite. Show Lae'zel what she stands to lose..Plead with the doctor. Lae'zel is in great pain..Endure, Lae'zel. the cure is worth the torment..Wait and Watch.
Both skill check options are DC 30. On a successful skill check Lae'zel will force herself out of the zaith'isk, at which point the zaith'isk will destroy itself and lead into the same ending dialogue pathways as if she'd been saved in any other manner. Lae'zel does not receive a debuff in this circumstance.
Choosing dialogue 3 will not convince the doctor otherwise. Choosing dialogue 4 will gain the approval of Lae'zel, and she will continue the verses. Choosing dialogue 5 will do nothing. You continue to feel the same pain with Lae'zel, and you are aware that she will die if she stays there. You will have the following dialogue options.
[WISDOM] Seek answers within the zaith'isk. What is this vision?.[DECEPTION] You must listen! the device is changing you. You are becoming illithid..Keep focused, Lae'zel. The cure is close..Wait and Watch.
Choosing dialogue 1 will gain the approval of Lae'zel. Choosing dialogue 3 will gain the approval of Lae'zel. She continues to say the verses, you feel pain but also power. You hear the Dream Visitor call out to remove Lae'zel from the device. You will have the following dialogue options.
[DECEPTION] Your tadpole is changing, growing. You have to resist the machine!.[WISDOM] Focus your mind. Try to overload the device..[CONSTITUTION] Pursue the visions you saw. See where they lead..[ARCANA] Draw on the zaith'isk's power, take it as your own..Embrace the pain, Lae'zel. Be pure..Wait and Watch.
 
Choosing dialogue 4 will allow you to make a DC 30 Arcana check. Success grants you the Awakened  feature and destroys the device as above. Choosing dialogue 5 will gain the approval of Lae'zel. Regardless of which option is selected the device breaks, Lae'zel lives, and the parasite remains. The zaith'isk's destruction angers Ghustil. A passive Insight check, if successful, will reveal that Ghustil's obsession borders on mania, and if she has knowledge that the parasite remains she'll want to take it. You will have the following dialogue options.
The parasite lives, yes. And thank goodness - it saved her..Your zaith'isk tried to kill Lae'zel. And failed..[DECEPTION] You're wrong. Can't you see it in her eyes? The parasite's dead.
Choosing dialogue 2 leads to Ghustil getting her tools to uncover more about the parasite. Choosing dialogue 3 prompts a Deception skill check of DC 18 to succeed. If the attempt is successful Ghustil is disappointed the parasite can't be studied but seems to be satisfied. Dialog 1 and 2 both seem to cause the entire creche to go hostile after a few minutes, if they were not already. This completes Find the Githyanki Crèche.
 
Choosing dialog 2 will gain Lae'zel's approval. She will agree for you to go in first, and she will follow behind. You start to show some doubt but Ghustil reassures you. You will have the following dialogue options.
Will it hurt me?.Look to your companions for guidance..Lie down in the device..Step away.
Choosing dialogue 1 will cause Lae'zel to disapprove. Choosing dialogue 2 will anger Lae'zel. Choosing dialogue 3 will give you a journal update for Find a Cure. You start to feel pain while in the device, you will have the following dialogue options.
[SAVING THROW] Follow the doctor's instructions. Seek the tadpole..Get out of the chair.
You will have to pass the Intelligence DC of 12, if you chose dialogue 1. Succeeding will allow you to sit through the pain from the device and the tadpole. Failing will cause you to be in greater pain. You will have the following dialogue options.
[SAVING THROW] Stay calm. Guide the device closer..Enough is enough. Get out now.
You will have to pass the Wisdom DC of 15, if you chose dialogue 1. Succeeding will allow you to sit through the pain. You hear the Dream Visitor resisting the pain. You will have the following dialogue options.
[SAVING THROW CON DC 18] Keep going. Complete the extraction..[SAVING THROW INT DC 18] Focus on this ancient magic. Feed it with your own..[BARBARIAN][SAVING THROW CON DC 18] LET THE TADPOLE FEED ON YOUR RAGE. MAKE IT STRONG.[BARD][SAVING THROW CHA DC 18] Harmonise with the tadpole's magic. Amplify it..Free yourself. Escape.
You will have to pass the Constitution DC of 18, if you chose dialogue 1.You will have to pass the Constitution DC of 18, Lae'zel approves if you succeed, if you chose dialogue 3 as a barbarian.Succeeding on any of these gives you the Awakened feature. Failing gives you Weakened Constitution. The device breaks and the tadpole lives on in your head, but you feel different. Ghustil gets angry, and you will have the following dialogue options.
The parasite lives, yes. And thank goodness - it saved me..Your zaith'isk tried to kill me. And failed..[DECEPTION] You're wrong. The parasite's dead. I felt it die..[PERFORMANCE] Pretend the zaith'isk wiped your memories and you don't know what she's talking about.
Choosing dialogue 1 will make Ghustil more interested and gather her tools. You will have to pass the Performance Charisma check DC of 15, if you chose dialogue 4. If you succeed, Ghustil will want nothing to do with you. This completes Find the Githyanki Crèche.
 

Find the Githyanki Crèche Objectives : Lae'zel told us that the githyanki should be able to cure us, if we can find one of their crèches. Someone named Zorru should know more..We found Zorru. Lae'zel will want to speak with him.
Lae'zel says that we can be cured at a Githyanki Crèche and hopes to find her kin nearby..Zorru is dead. We'll have to find another lead to the Githyanki Crèche..Zorru left the grove. We'll have to find another lead to the Githyanki Crèche..We spoke to a tiefling called Zorru. He wouldn't tell us anything about the githyanki he'd seen. We'll have to find the crèche..We spoke to a tiefling called Zorru. He wouldn't tell us anything about the githyanki he'd seen. We'll have to find them ourselves.
We learned of a githyanki patrol to the northwest. They might be able to lead us to their crèche.
We found the githyanki Zorru mentioned near the mountain pass. We should speak to them - they may know where we can find a Githyanki Crèche to cure our illithid infection..We found a githyanki patrol near the mountain pass. We should speak to them - they may know where we can find a Githyanki Crèche to cure our illithid infection. 
We found the githyanki patrol, but they weren't very cooperative. We still don't know where the crèche is - we'll need to find it ourselves..We found the githyanki patrol, but they proved uncooperative. We still don't know where the crèche is - we should search them for clues.
Lae'zel told us of a cure we can find at the Githyanki Crèche. She thinks one of the patrol will have a map. We should search the corpses..We defeated Sarth Baretha and her squadron - we should search her body for more information about the nearby crèche.
We learned where the crèche is located. We should see if we can find answers there.
The Githyanki Crèche is nestled somewhere within Rosymorn Monastery. We should take a look..A githyanki named Lae'zel joined us - she insists that a nearby crèche of her people will be able to cure our illithid infection. She could be right - we need to find a way in.
We've reached the crèche. Lae'zel says there should be some kind of device capable of removing the parasite. We just need to find it..We've reached the crèche. Without Lae'zels guidance, it may be harder to find the cure she mentioned..Vlaakith and Inquisitor W'wargaz tried to kill us. It might still be worth investigating the Githyanki Crèche for a way to remove our parasites.
The guards told us to report to the Crèche Infirmary, where the doctor will inspect us..Vlaakith and Inquisitor W'wargaz tried to kill us. It might still be worth investigating the Crèche Infirmary for a way to remove our parasites.
We found the Crèche Infirmary - we should speak to whoever runs it..The Ghustil, this crèche's medical expert, may have a way to cure our illithid infection..Though Vlaakith and the Inquisitor tried to kill us, we should still speak to the Ghustil. we may still be able to cleanse our illithid parasite.
Ghustil Storngoss, the doctor said the zaith'isk can extract our parasites. However, it sounds dangerous..Vlaakith and Inquisitor W'wargaz tried to kill us. There might still be a change that using the zaith'isk will remove our parasites.
Ghustil Storngoss, the doctor, is dead. There might still be a way to operate the githyanki purification device..Vlaakith and Inquisitor W'wargaz tried to kill us. There might still be a chance that using the githyanki purification device will remove our parasites.
We attempted to remove our parasites using the githyanki purification device, but it failed and almost killed us. Our parasites must be very unusual..We activated a self-destruct mechanism, which blew up the Githyanki Crèche. the githyanki purification device will undoubtedly have been destroyed along with it..There is no time to look for a cure in the Githyanki Crèche anymore. We must press on. 
 

 How to unlock Find the Githyanki Crèche : Find the Githyanki Crèche is a subquest of Find a Cure.
 

Find the Githyanki Crèche Rewards : Rewards
 

Find the Githyanki Crèche Notes & Tips : If Lae'zel is chosen to enter the zaith'isk and remains for the entirety of the "treatment" she will suffer a permanent debuff afterwards as a result. Successfully convincing her to get out of the zaith'isk prevents this debuff while continuing to move the plot along and completing the quest.
 
 

