Find Dribbles the Clown : Find Dribbles the Clown is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find Dribbles the Clown can be acquired during Act 3.    

Find Dribbles the Clown Objectives : Find all body parts of Dribbles  

Find Dribbles the Clown Walkthrough : Clown Dribbles' hand can be found on a plate next to Popper. Either steal it or persuade him you need the hand for investigation.Clown Dribbles' severed torso can be found on a dead victim near Shapeshifter assassins in the cave under Open Hand Temple. (X65, Y-1025).Dribbles' Pelvis can be found in a house in Lower City (X121, Y4). From the Basilisk Gate waypoint, go north through the narrow alley until you find a blue door that can be lockpicked. .Clown's Severed Arm can be found in the basement of Peartree house (X39, Y-95), Lower City. You need to remove the creates to reveal the hatch.Clown's Severed Leg is in the basement of Lavernica's House (X-79. X-74). The room is filled with dead spiders. There's also another hatch here that leads to a small underground cave. Check the corpse in the circular chamber to pick up the leg.Clown's Severed Foot is in the Rainforest's Home (X-91, Y-107). Either lockpick the door or use Misty Step to enter the house. Other than Dribbles Foot, you can talk to the Rat here and Cast Speak with Dead to learn more about the murderer. .The last one can be found in the Bhaals Temple, Undercity Ruins. As you navigate this area, you will find the aftermath of a bloodbath. The corpses are left next to each other and you can retrieve a note from one of the bodies of "Wilting Alex": "The Effigy of Amelyssan, who grasped divinity, "What use her betrayal? She thought herself perfect, but forgot the once she served. [Below is an exaggerated signature, written in blood] Orin the Red." From the same body, you can also retrieve the Clown's Severed Head, which is one of the parts that you are looking for. . Then, your next destination is the ringleader named Lucretious found near the large tent next to the stairs. Report to her your findings and deliver the pieces of Dribbles. Lucretious plans on rebuilding Dribbles again and tells you that they will be leaving Wyrm's Crossing soon. She hands you over a gift for assisting her. . . You will receive the Spellmight Gloves and the quest Find Dribbles the Clown will now be marked as completed. Just like what Lucretious said, the circus will be leaving soon, and if you need anything from her staff, now is the time to do so.   

 How to unlock Find Dribbles the Clown : You acquired this quest after you were ambushed by Shapeshifter assassins in Circus of Last Days.  

Find Dribbles the Clown Rewards : Spellmight Gloves  

Find Dribbles the Clown Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  