Find Arabella's Parents : Find Arabella's Parents is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find Arabella's Parents can be acquired during Act 2 and you will be looking for Komira and Locke, the parents of Arabella.    

Find Arabella's Parents Objectives : Search for Arabella's Parents. We met Arabella, a tiefling child from the grove, in the shadow-cursed lands. She was looking for her parents. We offered to search for them, and invited her to our camp. Tell Arabella about her parents. We found Arabella's parents - dead. We should break the news to her at camp. Check up on Arabella. Arabella was very upset when we broke the news to her about her parents. We should check up on her once she's had some time to process the news. Withers encouraged Arabella to learn the ways of the Weave. She left to find her own way in the world.  

Find Arabella's Parents Walkthrough : After unlocking the quest by speaking to Arabella, she will go wait in camp until you find her parents. They can be found in the eastern wing of the House of Healing infirmary, being "attended" to by one of the sisters. Talk to the sister watching over them to progress the quest.    After speaking to the sister and discovering the untimely demise of Arabella's parents, you can break the news to Arabella the next time you return to camp. You can either tell her that her parents are dead and you found their corpses, or that you haven't found them yet. Telling her that you've found them dead will gain the approval of Astarion, Gale, Shadowheart, and Wyll. Arabella will say she doesn't believe you, and will make you leave.  After a long rest, interact with her again. She will initially still be in disbelief that her parents are dead. Withers tells her that she must accept her fate, causing Arabella to rage and emit a burst of uncontrolled magic. Withers manages to calm her down, and tells her that she must find the balance within herself. He remarks that while she needs to learn the ways of the arcane, she must find her own way and cannot stay in camp with you.   Your next set of choices will look like this: Where will she go, then?.Why not? I'm not sending her out there alone.Fine with me. She's already outstayed her welcome. Withers will go on to explain that Arabella holds a power beyond reckoning, but that her power is currently unbalanced. When Arabella asks if Withers is making her leave, he tells her not to worry as the Weave knows her purpose and will guide her. Your next set of choices will look like this: You can trust Withers. If he says you'll be safe, you should believe him.I'm sorry. I wish it could be different.I'm not going to make you go away.Leave. If you choose the first option, Arabella's grief will fade and there will be "a lightness in her now."  After your conversation, you will have completed the quest Find Arabella's Parents. She will reward you with  the Shadow Blade Ring.  

How to unlock Find Arabella's Parents : Speak to Arabella in Reithwin Town. You can find her on the north side of town between the Mason's Guild and the House of Healing, just outside the gates to the cemetery. There will be two winged lion statues, one of them fallen.   

Find Arabella's Parents Rewards : Shadow Blade Ring  

Find Arabella's Parents Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  