Find the Missing Letters : Find the Missing Letters is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find the Missing Letters can be acquired during Act 3.    

Find the Missing Letters Objectives : Carrier pigeons have gone missing. Postmaster Danzo asked us to retrieve the letters they carried. He said that if we find the letters, we shouldn't read them The tressym flew away - leaving behind a pigeon carcass, and the missing letters. We have the missing letters. Postmaster Danzo will be pleased. We returned the missing letters to Postmaster Danzo.  

How to unlock Find the Missing Letters : Speak to Danzo Arkwright about Gomwick.  

Find the Missing Letters Rewards : 320 Gold  

Find the Missing Letters Walkthrough : In the north part of Rivington, opposite to the Open Hand Temple, is the Sword Coast Couriers. During Act 1, if you found Scratch and Gomwick in the north part of the Forest, you can bring up Gomwick's demise to the person in charge. Speak to the man behind the counter, Danzo Arkwright, and you'll have the following dialogue choices: I'm sorry to tell you - I found the body of one of your couriers. He carried this letter.Wait - delivery not guaranteed?.I'm not sending anything. You can drop the sales routine.It's rare to meet someone so cheerful these days. Why the good mood.Leave.  If you pick the first option, you'll give him the Personal Note and let him know about Gomwick. He'll then explain that with Gomwick gone, he's been attempting to send letters by pigeons, but these pigeons have been getting attacked as well. This will start the Find the Missing Letters Quest. The missing letters are nearby, found on a nest on top of the Open Hand Temple. You can get there by climbing some vines to the side of the temple or climbing a ladder up to the top of the bell tower, then jumping down to the roof. You'll encounter a Tressym guarding a shiny ring and a stack of letters. Engage in conversation using one of the following options: What are you doing here, kitty?.Quite a nice ring you have there. What are tou going to do with it?.From the look of those letters, one might guess you were responsible for the post house's missing pigeons.Leave. Select the third option, and the cat acknowledges its connection to the missing pigeons. Proceed with the following questions: These letters are important. You shouldn't be eating their messengers.If pigeon is your second-favourite, what's your first?.Happy hunting, then. Select the first option, and the cat wonders if you're ready to depart. Respond with: [INTIMIDATION] Leave these pigeons alone or I'll eat you.[PERSUASION] I'm not leaving 'til you agree to stop hunting these pigeons.[DECEPTION] There's much better aviary across town, if you've already picked over the choice cuts here.Enjoy your feast. Choose the third option, and if pass the DC 15 Deception Check, the cat will believe you and allow you to loot the Bundle of Letters nestled within its nest.  Return to Danzo at the Sword Coast Couriers and to hand the letters over. He'll reward you with 320 Gold.  

Find the Missing Letters Notes & Tips : Inspiration for Outlander background.Notes & tips go here  