Find Mystic Carrion's Servant : Find Mystic Carrion's Servant is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find Mystic Carrion's Servant can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Find Mystic Carrion's Servant Objectives : We met Mystic Carrion, who promised to reward us if we bring back the body of one of his zombie servants, Thrumbo. He believes Thrumbo will still be somewhere in the Lower City.
 

Find Mystic Carrion's Servant Walkthrough : Mystic Carrion's house is located in Lower City. You can disguise yourself as a gnome or halfling to sneak in through a hole (X31, Y-166)..You can find Mystic Carrion on first floor. Agree to help him and he asks you to bring back the body of one of his zombie servants..The servant of Mystic Carrion is hiding in the Wardrobe in Smuggler's Beach house..Thrumbo reveals that the Mystic Carrion is an evil mummy lord, you can kill Thrumbo to get the ring or embark on a jar-collecting quest to kill the Mystic Carrion and free Thrumbo..If you aim to kill Mystic Carrion. You need to find all 4 jars of organs..Jar of Mystic Carrion's Lungs can be found in the Mortuary in the city's graveyard (X 27, Y 19). (Jar of Mystic Carrion's Lungs is on a table in the Mortuary.).From the Undercity Ruins waypoint and head west to the Passageway. Enter the Ancient Lair and lockpick the door with a DC 20 Sleight of Hand check. Looting or lockpicking will trigger a fight with a lot of undead..Jar of Mystic Carrion's Brain is on a table. Jar of Mystic Carrion's Liver is in a chest next to it..Read the book called "Funerary Jar Form and Function" in this room. It gives you the clue for Jar of the heart, which is actually located within Thrumbo. Talk to Thrumbo to get the Jar of Mystic Carrion's Heart.
 

 How to unlock Find Mystic Carrion's Servant : Mystic Carrion
 

Find Mystic Carrion's Servant Rewards : Rewards: Torch of Revocation.You can also negotiate for some gold if you have acquired any of his jars.
 

Find Mystic Carrion's Servant Notes & Tips : The basement of smuggler's house has some gold and other loot..Notes & tips go here
 

