Find the Blood of Lathander : Find the Blood of Lathander is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find the Blood of Lathander can be acquired during Act 2.    

Find the Blood of Lathander Objectives : Explore Rosymorn Monastery. We found a note from a Lathander worshipper about a precious relic called "The Blood" hidden somewhere in Rosymorn Monastery. Perhaps we can find more in our exploration. .We found a note from a Lathander worshipper about a precious relic called "The Blood" hidden somewhere in Rosymorn Monastery. Perhaps we can find more in our exploration.Find the true Blood of Lathander. A fake artefact in Rosymorn Monastery was disguised as the Blood of Lathander - we should keep looking for the true relic. .A fake artefact in Rosymorn Monastery was disguised as the Blood of Lathander - we should keep looking for the true relic.Explore the Secret Chamber. We moved some ancient Lathanderian statues and a secret passageway opened - we should see what lies within. .We moved some ancient Lathanderian statues and a secret passageway opened - we should see what lies within.Find a purpose for the Dawnmaster's Crest. We found an oddly shaped crest that belonged to a high priestess of Lathander. Perhaps it can help us find the Blood of Lathander? .We found an oddly shaped crest that belonged to a high priestess of Lathander. Perhaps it can help us find the Blood of Lathander?.Get past the Secret Chamber's Lathandrian traps. Very elaborate traps block our path down this passageway - whatever sits at the end must be worth protecting. .Very elaborate traps block our path down this passageway - whatever sits at the end must be worth protecting.Retrieve the relic. We bested the Secret Chamber's traps - we should see what they were guarding. .We bested the Secret Chamber's traps - we should see what they were guarding.We used the Dawnmaster's Crest to safely retrieve the Blood of Lathander - Morninglord be praised.

Find the Blood of Lathander Walkthrough : The Monastery has 3 different levels. You need to use Jump, Fly, and climb veins to reach different parts of the Monastery.You can find Ceremonial Mace on a drunk Kobold on the first floor of the monastery.You can find Ceremonial Battleaxe after defeating the guardian on the second floor.Ceremonial Warhammer is on the top level, in the Eagle's Nest. (If you help the Blue Jay to take back the nest, he will reveal a loot location for you.).Place all ceremonial weapons on the right stand to acquire the Dawnmaster's Crest. Without it once you take the Blood of Lathander, you will trigger the destruction of the entire Monastery in 4 turns. Warhammer -- Dawnmaster Seed Mace -- Dawnmaster Stockhold Battleaxe -- Dawnmaster Vaseid Longsword -- Dawnmaster Welkinglory .Warhammer -- Dawnmaster Seed.Mace -- Dawnmaster Stockhold.Battleaxe -- Dawnmaster Vaseid.Longsword -- Dawnmaster Welkinglory.Once all 4 ceremonial weapons were placed in the correct location. A hidden pouch will be revealed.After you defeated the inquisitor and returned from the Astral Plane. (Otherwise, Laezel may turn hostile.) Go to the statues on the left, turn one of them facing west and the other facing east (sunset and sunrise) to reveal the entrance to Secret Chamber. If the statue is stuck, use a Grease bottle on it or hit it with a blunt weapon.Be careful of the Dawn Breakers in the corridor, and attack the energy sources to disable the light barriers. The Dawn Breakers attack can be dodged and the devices disabled by a rogue. .When you reached the chamber, place the Dawnmaster's Crest in the panel to claim the Blood of Lathander. (without the Crest, you will be locked within light barriers. You will have to disable it and escape the monastery in 4 turns.)  

 How to unlock Find the Blood of Lathander : You get this quest when exploring Rosymorn Monastery.  

Find the Blood of Lathander Rewards : Blood of Lathander  

Find the Blood of Lathander Notes & Tips : The Ceremonial Warhammer can be acquired without killing the eagles. Regardless of the dialogue options, the eagles will attack if they spot you move behind the first eagle. You can however sneak past the eagle through the vines (they inflict no damage) and loot the Ceremonial Warhammer from stealth.  