Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic : Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic can be acquired during Act 2. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic Walkthrough : You need to reach the Gauntlet of Shar from the Grand Mausoleum (Thorm Mausoleum). In order to reveal the passage, you need to press the buttons under the 3 paintings in the following order: Moonrise Towers, Grief, General. (You can find the clue in a book in that region.).You can acquire this quest in Gauntlet of Shar.In the initial chamber of Gauntlet of Shar, there is a small statue holding an orb. You'll get pushed back if you attempt to approach it. In order to solve this puzzle, you need to explore the side rooms and pull the levers to lower all the lanterns. Then interact with them to extinguish the light. When the room is completely shrouded in darkness, you'll see the pattern on the floor. Use only one character to crouch-walk and avoid the glowing lines. This lets you touch the orb to unlock the doorway.Balthazar can be found in the western chamber of Gauntlet of Shar, he's been sent here to collect a Relic for Ketheric Thorm. You can temporarily work with him, and pass a persuasion check to get the item to summon his golem.Now you need to collect 4 Umbral Gems and reach the inner Sanctum. .One Umbral Gem can be acquired by defeating Yurgir (Quest Kill Raphael's Old Enemy). He can be found in the east part of the temple. You can ask him to recite his contract and find the loophole in it, and deceive him into killing his own minions, even himself.The Other 3 Umbral Gems can be Acquired by completing Sharran trials: Soft-step Trial: You need to skulk to the end of the maze without being spotted by the shadows. Using an invisibility spell and turn base mode works well. But be careful of the traps. You need to find a Soft-Step Key (on the table of a hidden room) or use lockpick to open the final gate. Alternatively, you can use Dimension Door to bypass this trial. Self-Same Trial: This trial forces you to fight a clone of your parties. To make the battle a lot easier, get naked before you offer blood to the ritual bowl, and reequip your team before the battle starts. The clone team has the ability to dip in and out of the shadows. And each time you hit a clone of a party member, that member will suffer a debuff reducing the ability scores. Kill the clone to remove that debuff. After the fight, you can pick Killer's Sweetheart ring on the floor. Faith-Step trial: The room will be plunged into darkness after you offered the blood, and you need to remember the location of the platforms to reach the Umbral Gem. However, you can use the Daylight spell to light the entire room or use Fly, or Dimension Door spell to reach the final platform. .Soft-step Trial: You need to skulk to the end of the maze without being spotted by the shadows. Using an invisibility spell and turn base mode works well. But be careful of the traps. You need to find a Soft-Step Key (on the table of a hidden room) or use lockpick to open the final gate. Alternatively, you can use Dimension Door to bypass this trial.Self-Same Trial: This trial forces you to fight a clone of your parties. To make the battle a lot easier, get naked before you offer blood to the ritual bowl, and reequip your team before the battle starts. The clone team has the ability to dip in and out of the shadows. And each time you hit a clone of a party member, that member will suffer a debuff reducing the ability scores. Kill the clone to remove that debuff. After the fight, you can pick Killer's Sweetheart ring on the floor.Faith-Step trial: The room will be plunged into darkness after you offered the blood, and you need to remember the location of the platforms to reach the Umbral Gem. However, you can use the Daylight spell to light the entire room or use Fly, or Dimension Door spell to reach the final platform.After you complete all 3 trials, keep venturing until you reach the Silent Library. After defeating the enemies, press the buttons to unlock the gate of the Treasure Room. Interact with the plinth and put the book Teachings of Loss: The Nightsinger on it. That book is the answer to "What can silence the Nightsong?” (Disarm the trap before taking the book.).Once you Placed the right book, the door to Treasure Room will open. Inside, you can find the following: Dark Justiciar Helmet, Dark Justiciar Half-Plate, and the weapon to kill the Nightsong -- Spear of Night.Once you collect all 4 Umbral Gems, use the floating platform to reach Inner Sanctum.  

Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic Objectives : Minthara told us that the necromancer Balthazar might know more about Ketheric's invulnerability. She suspects the answers we seek lie in Balthazar's chambers on the upper floor. Disciple Z'rell instructed us to assist General Thorm's advisor, Balthazar, in recovering a powerful relic from the Thorm's family mausoleum.The Brewer revealed that 'her cage' is located in the Thorm Mausoleum. It's unclear who this woman is, but the cage might be related to the relic.We found Balthazar's diary and learned that he went to the Thorm Mausoleum to find a relic called the 'Nightsong'. It seems to be the key to Ketheric's invulnerability.A mysterious voice in the Mausoleum warned us to leave. If we wish to find Balthazar, we should press on.The Brewer revealed that 'her cage' is located in the Thorm Mausoleum. It's unclear who this woman is, but Ketheric must have caged her for a reason. We uncovered a secret passage in the Thorm Mausoleum. The relic must be further inside. We uncovered a secret passage in the Thorm Mausoleum. Balthazar must be inside.We encountered a group of patrolling skeletons who likely serve Balthazar. They mentioned the temple's shadowy defenders.We encountered Balthazar's undead servants. They have barricaded themselves in a room as they prepare to defend their master. We defeated the temple's shadowy defenders and found the missing Balthazar. We found Balthazar. He's asked us to clear the path to the relic - by any means necessary.We defeated Balthazar, but the relic is still at large. We should search for it.We encountered Balthazar - General Ketheric Thorm's advisor. He's been tasked with finding a powerful relic. He asked us to clear the path - by any means necessary. To enter the temple's Inner Sanctum, we must complete the Gauntlet of Shar - trials made for her elite soldiers, the Dark Justiciars.We found an Umbral Gem. More are needed to unlock the temple's Inner Sanctum.We acquired another Umbral Gem from one of Shar's trials.We acquired an Umbral gem from the lair of the orthon.We acquired a new Umbral Gem from Shar's trials.We inserted an Umbral Gem into the altar. This activated a platform that will allow us to travel deeper into the temple.We found an altar in front of a locked door. There are three slots for Umbral Gems. We'll need to find more if we want to enter the temple's Inner Sanctum.We defeated Balthazar, but the relic is still at large. We should search for it.We encountered Balthazar - Ketheric's advisor. He's been tasked with finding a powerful relic. He asked us to clear the path - by any means necessary. We have enough Umbral Gems. We should insert them into the altar. We've collected enough Umbral Gems. Now to gain access to the Inner Sanctum.We inserted an Umbral Gem into the altar. This activated a platform that will allow us to travel deeper into the temple. The path to the Inner Sanctum is open. The relic lies just ahead. Balthazar followed us into the Shadowfell. He intends to claim the relic. We should hurry after him.We entered the Shadowfell, the heart of the relic. We found the 'relic' - a woman named Nightsong. Balthazar wanted to bring her to Ketheric. We turned on the necromancer instead. We defeated Balthazar. Nightsong's fate is in our hands.The relic is a woman called Nightsong who was trapped in the Shadowfell by Ketheric and Balthazar. Her fate is in our hands. We helped Balthazar capture the Nightsong. He was pleased. We should return to Moonrise. We helped Balthazar return Nightsong to Moonrise Towers. Disciple Z'rell would be happy to hear this. We helped Balthazar return Nightsong to Moonrise Towers. Ketheric Thorm would be happy to hear this. After capturing the Nightsong alongside Balthazar, we reported our success to Ketheric Thorm.Disciple Z'rell was pleased we assisted Balthazar and brought Nightsong to Moonrise.We killed Nightsong, making Ketheric Thorm vulnerable.We killed Nightsong, making Ketheric Thorm vulnerable.  

 How to Unlock Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic : Location: Gauntlet of Shar.Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic is a subquest for the primary Main Quest: Infiltrate Moonrise Towers  

Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic Rewards : Dark Justiciar Helmet.Dark Justiciar Half-Plate.Spear of Night  

Find Ketheric Thorm's Relic Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  