Find Zevlor : Find Zevlor is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Find Zevlor can be acquired during Act 2. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Find Zevlor Objectives : Zevlor was captured by the cult of the Absolute. His fellow tieflings claim he froze and tried to surrender. We should look for him..The tieflings were captured and brought to Moonrise Towers, but Zevlor isn't with them. His fellow tieflings are angry with him - claiming he wanted to surrender. Some even think he was secretly a cultist..Something happened with Zevlor and the tieflings out in the darkness - something bad. And it sounds like the tieflings blame him for it. We should find out more..We found the tieflings, but Zevlor isn't with them. They claim he wanted to surrender to the cult. Some even think he was secretly a cultist. We should look for him..Arabella's father claims that Zevlor betrayed the tieflings, and tried to run..The tieflings were ambushed by the cultists out in the darkness. Zevlor urged them to surrender, and in the confusion the cultists attacked - kidnapping several of the tieflings.
We found Zevlor trapped in a pod - the same type we awoke in on the nautiloid. He will likely die without our help.
We opened the pods - releasing a host of mind flayers. We're in for a fight.
We purged the mind flayer pods in the colony. Zevor was in one of them - he must have perished..We never found Zevlor..We couldn't save Zevlor from his fate..We saved Zevlor, who explained that he let the Absolute infiltrate his mind. It's unlikely the tieflings will welcome him back - he'll have to forge his own path now.
 

Find Zevlor Walkthrough : This quest is only available if you managed to save tieflings in Save the Refugees..When you reach the Last Light Inn, you'll find Cerys at (X:-64, Y:141). If you talk to her, she'll reveal that she is a scout and that it's partly her fault that the Tieflings got ambushed. Apparently, Zevlor had begged them to surrender when they stood up to the cultists that captured them. Some of them were able to run free, but the others stayed captured, including Zevlor. You'll have to try and find him..Zevlor can be found in a pod in Mind Flayer Colony (X694 Y14, you can only reach this location after you defeat Ketheric in Moonrise Towers). Once you free him, you need to fight the mind flayer and intellect devourers in the room..After the battle, if Zevlor survives, he explains to you how he was enthralled by the Absolute. He can join you in Act 3 in quest Gather Your Allies.
 

 How to unlock Find Zevlor : Cerys / Last Light Inn
 

Find Zevlor Rewards : Zevlor ally in Gather Your Allies
 

Find Zevlor Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

