Free Orpheus : Free Orpheus is a Personal Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Free Orpheus can be acquired during Act 3.    

Free Orpheus Objectives : We found out that the Astral Prism is a prison for the githyanki prince Prpheus. The mind flayer that calls itself the Emperor has been using Orpheus' powers to suppress the influence of the Absolute. Whether we decide to trust the Emperor or not, we should find out if there's a way to free Orpheus from his chains.  We learned that the key to freeing Orpheus from his chains in the Astrla Prism is the Orphic Hammer. It's in Raphael's possession, so tracking down his lavish abode in the Hells, the House of Hope, may be our best bet.  We found a shop called The Devi's Fee, run by a diabolist called Helsik. We should ask her if she can help us reach Raphael's House of Hope.   

How to unlock Free Orpheus : Automatically received after leaving the Astral Plane at the beginning of Act 3.  

Free Orpheus Rewards : Rewards  

Free Orpheus Walkthrough : At the beginning of Act 3, you'll be called by your Dream Visitor into the Astral Plane when you rest at the campsite in Wyrm's Landing. During the events there, you'll find that the Githyanki prince Orpheus is being held prisoner within the Artefact. When you leave the Astral Plane, Free Orpheus will be added to your journal.There are two ways to obtain the Orphic Hammer legendary:.Deal With the Devil - Raphael will happily hand over the Orphic Hammer, as long as you promise to give him the Crown of Karsus. This will bind you to a pact.Steal the hammer from House of Hope - If you decline Raphael's offer, want to reclaim your contract, or just do a bit of exploration, you can find the Orphic Hammer in the House of Hope, a hellish domain in Avernus. You will need to defeat Raphael in his own realm.While exploring Guildhall, you can find a note called "Devil's Fee Observer's Report" in Nine Finger's office. You learn that a diabolist called Heisik might be able to help.Find Heisik in Devil's Fee, give her the money, or persuade her to hand you the ritual to open the portal to the House of Hope. (Alternatively, you can steal the ingredients and sneak into the 2nd floor by yourself.). (How to open the portal to House of Hope) .When you reached the House of Hope, you need to find the Orphic Hammer in Archive. (There is another side quest in this area, Save Hope).There's an Inert Infernal Gem on a wall. Pass the DC10 Wisdom and DC20 Intelligence checks to reveal a hidden Door. Inside, you'll find the Helldusk Helmet (very rare), and Staff of Spellpower (very rare). You'll also spot Mol's Contract and Tav's Contract if you accept Raphael's offer.Upon reaching the western portion of the House of Hope, use the hatch to enter the dungeon. Hope will tell you about the Archivist. Pass the skill checks here to learn that the Archivist is afraid of Zariel's inquisitor, Verillius Receptor. This gives you a dialogue option to pretend as the inquisitor, which means the Archivist won't bother you.Talk to the Archivist to get an invitation to enter the Boudoir. You can now pass through the Mystic Force Curtain. The pool inside can reinvigorate the team (work as long rest). .You can let Haarlep take your body as a disguise, or simply fight him to take the key. Open the safe behind a painting to the left of the bed with the key to find the words that you need to get Orphic Hammer.Once you get the Hammer, the devils in House of Hope turn hostile. (Be careful when enemies die, they burst into flame. You can use the pool in Boudoir to reinvigorate your team. ) Run to Hope's dungeon to free her with the hammer.When you reach the entrance chamber, make your team combat-ready to face Rapheal.You can pass a DC30 Persuasion check, to convince Yugir to betray Raphael and fights with you (Yugir is also a potential ally in Gather your Allies).Rapheal has 666 HP and is enhanced by the Soul Pillars. However, he has very low WIS so OTTO'S IRRESISTIBLE DANCE, Hold Monsters and Tasha's Hideous Laughter work great. Raphael turns into his devil form when he's 60% HP or lower, granting him more melee attacks.Defeat Rapheal rewards Gloves of Soul Catching and Helldusk Armor.  

Free Orpheus Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  