Free True Soul Nere : Free True Soul Nere is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Free True Soul Nere can be acquired during Chapter XX. Completing  Free True Soul Nere will progress the story forward.   

Free True Soul Nere Objectives : Sergeant Thrinn said the True Soul leading them is trapped behind the cave-in. She wants to clear it.True Soul Nere mind-melded with us. He's trapped behind a cave-in and needs us to clear the rubble.We discovered several duergar who are plotting against Nere. They asked us to free him, and offered a cut of the prize if we help.True Soul Nere warned us about the poisonous gas behind the cave-in. He'll die soon — we can't afford to rest.We found some explosives. Let's see if it's enough to clear the cave-in.  

Free True Soul Nere Walkthrough : Talk to Sergeant Thrinn to receive the Quest. She asks you to free Nere from the rubble behind her. In order to free him, you have to clear the rubble. There are some other Duergar that are plotting against True Soul Nere, and offered a cut of the prize if you help them. You can interact witth the rubble, this allows you to communicate with Nere telepathically. He tells you he was trapped and not to trust the mercenaries. You see a blurred vision from his point of view. At this moment you can attempt a Perception check to focus and see more through Nere's eyes. If you fail, you won't be able to make anything of the vision and lose the connection, while you sense Nere's frustration. If you take a Long Rest or travel between zones, True Soul Nere will communicate telepathically telling asking you to hurry because the poison is spreading. You need to find Smokepowder. Elder Brithvar (at the end of the hall where Nere is trapped) mentioned that a deep gnome fled with some, and to ask her crew (who are digging near the collapse) to know more. They can tell you where to find Smokepowder. Additionally, if you find the Hand-drawn Map in Grymforge (X:-538 Y:465) the quest objective will update.   You can find Philomeen at the coordinates X: -527 Y: 464 but it is adviced that you save the game before reaching this zone because any wrong decisions may wipe the entire party. Your conversation with Philomeen may be tricky, you should try to convince her not to blow the barrel. You can accept her Runepowder Vial instead of having the entire barrel, or you can confront her to battle and defeat her to be able to collect the barrel that is next to her. The barrel turns out to be not simply a smokepowder barrel, but a Runepowder Barrel instead. Interacting with it will lead to a Dexterity Check. (20). If you don't pass the check, the barrel explodes, killing your team. If you do pass it, you will be able to grab the barrel, so you may collect the barrel using the character of your party that has the highest dexterity modifier.  There are also explosives at (X: -587 Y: 390), behind a secret door. Alternatively, you can use black powder bag from the windmill and hands grenades. A good place to destroy the orb if siding with Elder Brithvar Once you get a Runepowder Vial, go back to the location where Nere is Locked. Throw the Runepowder Vial over the blocking stones. The duergar miners will run away before you ignite the vial. Blow it up and talk to Nere. (In the Cutscene, Nere kills the gnome girl Meerna. There's no way to save her, even if you engage Nere before he blast her into the lava, she will have no interaction and considered dead by other NPCs.) Note that if you take too long to free True Soul Nere, the Duergar will eventually manage to clear the rubble without your help, and you will find him dead, among two Deep Gnomes' bodies. On Nere's body you can find: Dagger +1.Potion of Healing.x1402 Gold [only when directly killed, will already be gone if you arrive and he's already dead].Disintegrating Night Walkers.Sword of Screams.Broken Moonlantern.Silver Necklace.Simple Robe.Amethyst Ring.Ruby Ring.Mind Flayer Parasite Specimen After a conflictive conversation between Nere and Brithvar, you will have to choose a side between them. Then a long battle will begin, where will be many characters involved in this combat, so the battle will require many turns.  

 How to unlock Free True Soul Nere : Sergeant Thrinn, at the Grymforge.  

Free True Soul Nere Rewards : If Nere is still alive after the fight with the dwarves he rewards you with a parasite.  

Free True Soul Nere Notes & Tips : Keeping Barcus Wroot and other gnomes alive gives you good reputation among the Ironhand gnomes, in Act 3 you will be able to solve their conflicts with the Gondians and get more allies in final battle. (Gather your Allies).Notes & tips go here  