Gather Your Allies : Gather Your Allies is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Gather Your Allies can be acquired during Act 3 and tasks players to gather allies in preparation for the next stage.    

Gather Your Allies Objectives : Recruit allies in the fight against the cult  

Gather Your Allies Walkthrough : All possible allies: Auntie Ethel: Kill Lora in quest Save Vanra. Veil of the Weird: Channel Auntie Ethel's magic to render 5 creatures within range Invisible. .Veil of the Weird: Channel Auntie Ethel's magic to render 5 creatures within range Invisible.Volo the Bard: You need to save him in Goblin Camp in Act 1 and Lower City Baldur's Gate in Act 3 (next to the Steel Watcher factory) Passive: Volo's Guide to Monsters - +2 to all attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. .Passive: Volo's Guide to Monsters - +2 to all attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks. .Battle-Ready Owlbear and Dammon: Recruit Owlbear Cub in your camp and save Dammon. Battle-Ready Owlbear: Summon an armored owlbear (treated like temporary companion). 22 Strength, with induced rage, multiattack, rupture. .Battle-Ready Owlbear: Summon an armored owlbear (treated like temporary companion). 22 Strength, with induced rage, multiattack, rupture.Barcus Wroot and Wulbren: You can save Barcus Wroot in the Blighted Village in Act 1. You then need to help out the enslaved gnomes when you take on True Soul Nere in Grymforge. Later in Act 2, talk to Barcus Wroot in Last Light Inn, and make sure you rescue Wulbren in Moonrise Towers. Ironhand Grenadiers: Summon 2 Ironhand Gnomes, who can throw blinding bombs and shoot Smokepowder Arrows. .Ironhand Grenadiers: Summon 2 Ironhand Gnomes, who can throw blinding bombs and shoot Smokepowder Arrows.Dame Aylin: Spare Dame Aylin in Act 2, Isobel and Aylin will join your camp after Ketheric Thorm has been defeated.In Act 3, complete Find the Nightsong with Dame Aylin free. Sword of the Silverlight: Summon Dame Aylin, to join your side in battle. .Sword of the Silverlight: Summon Dame Aylin, to join your side in battle.Halsin: Rescue Halsin in the Goblin Camp during Act 1, then cure the shadow curse in Act 2. Spirit of the Land Passive: +1 to all ability scores; +2 meters movement range. .Spirit of the Land Passive: +1 to all ability scores; +2 meters movement range.Florrick: Rescue Counsellor Florrick from the fire at Waukeen's Rest in Act 1 (leaving the area will cause her death) and save her from Wyrm's Rock Prison in Act 3. Florrick's Cohort: Summon 3 highly defensive melee fighters that utilize reach. .Florrick's Cohort: Summon 3 highly defensive melee fighters that utilize reach.Isobel: Make sure that Isobel stays alive throughout Act 2 and spare Nightsong. Balm of the Moonmaiden: 14d6 healing on up to 6 nearby allies. Once per adventure. .Balm of the Moonmaiden: 14d6 healing on up to 6 nearby allies. Once per adventure.Nightsong: Free and spare Nightsong in the realm beneath the Gauntlet of Shar. Then, in Act 3, defend her against Lorroakan. Sword of the Silverlight: Summon the level 11 aasimar. Treated like a temporary companion, but is bugged. Comes with no spell slots and as much health as she was left with after the Lorroakan fight. .Sword of the Silverlight: Summon the level 11 aasimar. Treated like a temporary companion, but is bugged. Comes with no spell slots and as much health as she was left with after the Lorroakan fight.Mizora: Save her in the Mind Flayer Colony at the end of Act 2. In Act 3, tell her "If you're going to be staying, I need something in return." Mizora, Agent of Avernus: Summon Mizora to join your side in battle. .Mizora, Agent of Avernus: Summon Mizora to join your side in battle.Mol: Complete Save the Refugees by siding with the Tieflings in Act 1. In Act 3, find Mol in the Guildhall and learn about her contract with Raphael. If her contract is stolen from the House of Hope, she agrees to help in the final fight. Fetcher's Favour: Affected entities can cast Rays of Fire, reduce all Fire damage by 5 and gain additional 1d4 to Charisma checks and Saving Throws. .Fetcher's Favour: Affected entities can cast Rays of Fire, reduce all Fire damage by 5 and gain additional 1d4 to Charisma checks and Saving Throws.Bhaal's Slayer: Start out with the Dark Urge origin and defeat Orin the Red. When prompted, accept your destiny as Bhaal's Chosen. A Most Bloody Inheritance: The Dread Lord Bhaal looks favourably on his chosen. You can cast Stunning Gaze and your Critical Hit Attack Roll requirement is reduced by 2. This effect can stack. .A Most Bloody Inheritance: The Dread Lord Bhaal looks favourably on his chosen. You can cast Stunning Gaze and your Critical Hit Attack Roll requirement is reduced by 2. This effect can stack.Ulma and the Gur: Progress Astarion's personal quest in Cazador's Dungeon. Make Astarion refuse the allure of vampiric ascendancy, and free the captive spawn. Gur Huntwardens: summon 3x Gur monster hunters at level 10 to hinder enemies. One archer with double movespeed. One dual wielding scimitar fighter that applies confused. One dual handaxe wielding fighter that applies bleeding .Gur Huntwardens: summon 3x Gur monster hunters at level 10 to hinder enemies. One archer with double movespeed. One dual wielding scimitar fighter that applies confused. One dual handaxe wielding fighter that applies bleeding.Vampire Ascendant Astarion: In Cazador's Dungeon, allow Astarion to complete the ritual to become a Vampire Ascendant. Retinue of the Vampire Lord: Summon 2 Shadows, 2 Giant Skeletons, a Ghast, a Shadow Mastiff and a Werewolf. .Retinue of the Vampire Lord: Summon 2 Shadows, 2 Giant Skeletons, a Ghast, a Shadow Mastiff and a Werewolf.Inspector Valeria: Complete the full Murder Mystery story arc in Act 3 and keep him alive in the Murder Tribunal. The Watch: summon 3x great weapon fighters at level 10. One half-orc, one gold dwarf, and one asmodeus tiefling. .The Watch: summon 3x great weapon fighters at level 10. One half-orc, one gold dwarf, and one asmodeus tiefling.Jaheira's Harpers: Complete Jaheira's The High Harper quest chain. Silver Harp Squadron - Summon 3x elite archers at level 6. .Silver Harp Squadron - Summon 3x elite archers at level 6.Duke Ravengard: Save Duke Ravengard in the Iron Throne. Wyll does NOT need to accept Mizora's offer. Passive: 30 temporary health Rally at the beginning of adventure .Passive: 30 temporary health Rally at the beginning of adventure.Yurgir: In Act 3 enter the House of Hope and fight Raphael, you have a dialogue option to make him join you temporarily. Hellstalker Yurgir: Summon Yurgir to join your side in battle. .Hellstalker Yurgir: Summon Yurgir to join your side in battle.Lorroakan: Make sure that Nightsong survives Act 2. Then, in Act 3, betray her by handing her over to Lorroakan. Lorroakan's Firestorm: Lorroakan uses all the arcane might of Ramazith's Tower, 10d6 fire + 10d6 force damage. .Lorroakan's Firestorm: Lorroakan uses all the arcane might of Ramazith's Tower, 10d6 fire + 10d6 force damage.Rolan: Make sure Rolan survives Act 1 and Act 3, then, in Act 3 kill Lorroakan and make Rolan owner. Rolan's Firestorm: Rolan uses all the arcane might of Ramazith's Tower, 10d6 fire + 10d6 force damage, once per adventure. .Rolan's Firestorm: Rolan uses all the arcane might of Ramazith's Tower, 10d6 fire + 10d6 force damage, once per adventure.Viconia DeVir: Handover Shadowheart to Sharran Cultists in Act 3. Nightbringer's Shadow Adepts: Summon two Sharran Novices and two Sharran Fidelians. .Nightbringer's Shadow Adepts: Summon two Sharran Novices and two Sharran Fidelians.Shadowheart: Let Shadowheart kill Nightsong in Act 2. Then, in the House of Grief, help her attain her leadership position in the enclave. Nightbringer's Shadow Adepts: Summon two Sharran Novices and two Sharran Fidelians. .Nightbringer's Shadow Adepts: Summon two Sharran Novices and two Sharran Fidelians.Orpheus: Obtain the Orphic Hammer by claiming it from Raphael in Deal with the Devil, or by stealing it in the House of Hope. Then, free him in the Astral Plane. Orphic Favor passive: Resistance to Psychic damage, +3 bonus to Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws within 18m of Orpheus. .Orphic Favor passive: Resistance to Psychic damage, +3 bonus to Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma saving throws within 18m of Orpheus.Strange Ox: Keep the Ox alive and smuggle him into Baldur's Gate. An Apple a Day: Summon Zlorb the shapeshifting monstrosity that can change into different types of monsters. .An Apple a Day: Summon Zlorb the shapeshifting monstrosity that can change into different types of monsters.Kith'rak Voss: Progress Lae'zel's personal quest and free Prince Orpheus. Kith'raki Inferno: 12d6 fire wall, 30m long, 18m distance, once per adventure .Kith'raki Inferno: 12d6 fire wall, 30m long, 18m distance, once per adventure.Arabella: Save Arabella in Act 1, then find her parents in Act 2, and let her take Wither's advice. In Act 3, find her in city sewers. Weavewalker Passive: gain Freedom of Movement. .Weavewalker Passive: gain Freedom of Movement.Nine-Fingers; Help her in the quest Aid the Underduke. Summon two elite assassins: Lady Ague (sword/shield fighter, level 10) and Lady Croup (rogue bard, level 10). .Summon two elite assassins: Lady Ague (sword/shield fighter, level 10) and Lady Croup (rogue bard, level 10).The Gondians: Save the Gondians from Iron Throne and disabled the steel watchers. No effect. .No effect.Zevlor: Save the Emerald Grove in Act 1, then rescue him in the Mind Flayer Colony in Act 2. Hellrider Platoon - Summon one Hellrider Cleric at level 10, one Hellrider Paladin at level 10, and Zevlor (paladin) at level 11 .Hellrider Platoon - Summon one Hellrider Cleric at level 10, one Hellrider Paladin at level 10, and Zevlor (paladin) at level 11.Zhentarim: Side with Zhentarim in Aid the Underduke. Black Fist Enforcers: Summon two elite assassin mercenaries from the Zhentarim's ranks. .Black Fist Enforcers: Summon two elite assassin mercenaries from the Zhentarim's ranks.  

 How to unlock Gather Your Allies : Auto acquired.  

Gather Your Allies Rewards : Rewards  

Gather Your Allies Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  