Get Orin's Netherstone : Get Orin's Netherstone is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Get Orin's Netherstone can be acquired during Act 3 as part of Confront the Elder Brain. Complete this Quest to obtain one of the Three Netherstones that you need to collect.    

Get Orin's Netherstone Objectives : We need to scour the city for clues to Orin's location - murder most foul may be the place to start when tracking a Bhaalist.Orin confronted us in a shapechanged disguise- then teleported away. We should keep looking for clues as to her base of operations. Orin, the Lash of Bhaal, is hiding somewhere in Baldur's Gate with a Netherstone. we must find her and take it.  We found a cruel and deliberately staged murder scene in Baldur's Gate - it could be the work of Orin  

Get Orin's Netherstone Walkthrough : During Act 3, Orin will kidnap one of your companions (or Yenna) under various circumstances. The easiest trigger be exploring the city sewers.The following companions may be kidnaped by Orin: Lae'zel Gale Halsin Minthara Yenna .Lae'zel.Gale.Halsin.Minthara.Yenna.Orin's kdinap can be triggered during long rest, If Lae'zel is targeted, "she" claims Yenna is the shapeshifer and threats to kill her, before reveal herself to be Orin. If Gale is targeted, Orin transformed into him and threats to explode the orb and wipe out Baldur's Gate for the good of all. If Yenna is personated by Orin, she will kill Grub and cooked into the skewers.Orin's kidnap can also be triggeres during exploring the City Sewers, she can only kidnap someone who is not currently in your team. If you do not want to trigger the kidnap, avoid getting close to Undercity Ruins waypoint and the exit leads to Guildhall.Orin demands you kill Gortash (Get Gortash's Netherstone), if you don't want to face Gortash first, you can enter Murder Tribunal (Under Candulhallow's Tombstones, you can learn the clues from Investigate the Murders) and get the Amulet of Bhaal.In order to enter the Murder Tribunal, remove the Painting "Buttefly on Skull" in Candulhallow's Tombstones, then press the button.You need to hand in bag of hands from Dolor (Investigate the Murders) or the hand of Gortash to gain entry to Murder Tribunal. Or you can fight That Which Guards.In the Murder Tribunal, you will face Sarevok Anchev (Final Boss of BG1 and a Child of Bhaal), Echo of Sendai (Drow Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB ), Echo of Illasera (Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB) and the Echo of Amelyssan (final boss of BG2:TOB). Either prove to them you are a holy assassin of Bhaal by killing hollyphant investigator, Valeria. (And Minsc and Jaheira if they are with you.) Or defeat Sarevok (Lv 16 fighter). With Amulet of Bhaal, open the gate to Bhaal's Temple (east to Undercity Ruins). You must defeat mutiple Bhaalist before reaching the temple proper.Orin await you in the Centre of Bhaal's Temple, but before confronting her, you can sneak into her chamber and find the corpse of Orin's mother. Use Speak with Dead to Orin's mother can unlock more dialogue option with Orin and save the kidnap victim without intimidation or persuasion checks.Orin threats to kill her victim, either tell her "Like the salvation your mother offered?" or pass the intimidation (DC 25) or persuasion (DC 25) checks to save the victim.Orin will transform into Slayer form during the fight, defeat her to get her Netherstone, Bloodthirst and Crimson Mischief.  

 How to unlock Get Orin's Netherstone : Quest Giver / Location  

Get Orin's Netherstone Rewards : Rewards  

Get Orin's Netherstone Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  