Get Help from Auntie Ethel : Get Help from Auntie Ethel is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Get Help from Auntie Ethel can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3. Ask Auntie Ethel for help to begin he quest.    

Get Help from Auntie Ethel Objectives : We met an eccentric old lady in the Emerald Grove. She's confident she can remove our parasites and invited us to her teahouse.We met an eccentric old lady at a teahouse in the wilderness, She's confident she can remove our parasites - for a price.We agreed to give up an eye in exchange for removing the parasite.Ethel named her price for helping us: one of our eyes. We made a deal with Auntie Ethel, but she couldn't remove the parasite, claiming it was Netherese. If a green hag can't help us, who can?.Auntie Ethel died before she could help us. We need to find someone else to remove the parasite.Things turned violent with Auntie Ethel. She isn't happy with us,.We left the area before finding out whether the old lady could help us.   

Get Help from Auntie Ethel Walkthrough : Get Help from Auntie Ethel is a subquest for Find a Cure In the Sunlit Watlands, south of Blighted Village, you will come across Auntie Ethel, Johl, and Demir having a quarrel. With insight, you find out Auntie Ethel is lying about not seeing their sister. You will have the following dialogue options. How about you all just calm down. What's going on here?.Lower your weapons. She's just an old woman.You're lying; you have seen this girl.This is nothing to do with me. Goodbye. Choosing dialogue 3 will put Auntie Ethel in disbelief because you did not defend her. She disappears and you converse with the brothers. You will have the following dialogue options. Will someone please tell me what's going on?.Well, good luck with that. Choosing dialogue 1 will have the brothers tell you about their sister Mayrina. They mention that she is unwell and taken by Auntie Ethel. You will have the following dialogue options. Let me - I'll bring Mayrina home.You're on your own. I have enough problems.I'm sorry. I wish you luck in finding her. Choosing dialogue 1 will make the Johl skeptical, you will gain approval from Karlach, but disapproval from Lae'zel. Head to the riverside teahouse at Putrid Bog (X:-44 Y:268), to confront Auntie Ethel. When you enter her house, you will have the following dialogue options. You must have mistaken me for someone else.[BARBARIAN] Or what?.Attack her Choosing dialogue 2 does not anger Auntie Ethel. She continues to try force feed Mayrina. You will have the following dialogue options That's Mayrina? I have some bad news for her.The lady doesn't seem to be enjoying her dinner.Do you treat all your guests so poorly?   Choosing dialogue 2 (The lady doesn't seem to be enjoying her dinner) will have Auntie Ethel tell you to mind your own business. she continues to tell you that she is aware of your parasite. This will give you the following dialogue options. How do you know that?.That's none of your concern.Don't change the subject. Why is that woman really here?   Choosing dialogue 1 will have auntie Ethel tell you that shes aware by the smell of it and offers you her help to get it out. This will give you the following dialogue options. I know a devil that's offered to remove it.Depends on the price.Yes. Get this damn parasite out of me.I'll take my chances on my own.Leave. Choosing dialogue 3 makes Auntie Ethel happy, and requires a payment of one of your eyes in exchange for her services. This will give you the following dialogue options. You want one of my eyes? Why?.Will my sight be damaged?.You have a deal.That's a poor bargain. I'll try my luck elsewhere.Leave. Choosing dialogue 1 will not get Auntie Ethel to reveal why she chose this as her payment., you can pick from the list of dialogue options again. Choosing dialogue 3 will gain the disapproval of Lae'zel, but this will make Auntie Ethel very happy, and changes into her hag form. This will give you the following dialogue options. So the brothers were right. You are a hag.What in the hells are you?.Cute. Am I supposed to be impressed?.Give me one reason why I shouldn't cut you down. Choosing dialogue 1 makes her feel proud to show off her hag form, and asking you to chose which eye you would like to sacrifice. This will give you the following dialogue options. Take the left eye.Take the right eye.Attack. Choosing either dialogue 1 or 2 will have Auntie Ethel reach her nail into your eye socket, enchant it and put it back into your socket. This will give you the following dialogue options. Check that your eye is still there.Say nothing.Barely felt it, actually. Choosing dialogue 1 will show the change of  color of your eye and Auntie Ethel will continue to take out the parasite, but the parasite refuses to be taken, and Auntie Ethel finds out it was Netherese and will refuse to take it. This will give you the following dialogue options. Netherese?.I thought you could remove it?.All the more reason to remove it - or else. Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that that a Netherese parasite is a tampered parasite, that being the reason why you have not turned into a mindflayer yet. This will give you the same dialogue options but adding one more. What do you mean. 'tampered'?.I thought you could remove it?.All the more reason to remove it - or else. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Auntie Ethel explain that your parasite has been touched by more than just mindflayers and chooses not to help you anymore. This gives you the following dialogue options. [HAG-EYED] What about my eye?.I'm not leaving, This wasn't the deal.Which is your way of saying - you're not powerful enough.Is there someone who can? Choosing dialogue 1 will have Auntie Ethel see no wrong on her as she did her part and that it wasn't her fault she doesn't want anything to do with the parasite in your head. You may choose from this set of dialogue options again, and exchanges dialogue 4 to "Then you're of no use to me.". Choosing dialogue 3 upsets Auntie Ethel, kicking you out of her house. This ends Get Help from Auntie Ethel.   Choosing dialogue 3 (Don't change the subject. Why is that woman really here?) will have Auntie Ethel tell you to mind your own business again. She chooses to talk more and only about your parasite. This will give you the following dialogue options. No, This woman is clearly in trouble.Fine. Can you remove the parasite?.I'll find another way to take care of it.Leave. Choosing dialogue 1 will make Mayrina disappear because you chose to go against Auntie Ethels warnings to not talk about Mayrina. This will make Auntie Ethel change into her hag form and disappear. You will have to go through the fireplace (X:-64 Y:261) and head down the stairs to the Overgrown Tunnel. Go through the tunnel to speak with Auntie Ethel. This will give you the following dialogue options. Tell me where Mayrina is.Or what?.I think I'll stay a while.Forgive me. I'll leave right away. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Auntie Ethel tease you about finding out whats under her house. Explore the tunnels and find the gnarled door (X:-305 Y:587) and a table with some masks on it. Pick up the whispering mask. Interact with the door to have the following dialogue options. What happened last time you opened?.Come on, open up!.No time to chat. I'm here to kill the hag. Choosing dialogue 1 will show you images of the last time the gnarled door opened up for someone, what the hag did to that person who wished to go through. This will give you the following dialogue options. I'm not afraid of that hag.I have to get through. Now.Leave. Choose dialogue 3 and equip the mask to go through the door. quickly unequip it once you make it through the door. explore though the tunnels but be careful of the flammable gas, there will be times you have to light it up to pass through. When you make it to the Ancient Abode (X:-387 Y:562) you will see a cage with Mayrina inside and a cutscene with Auntie Ethel will begin. After the cutscene combat will begin, you will have to defeat Auntie Ethel and save Mayrina. Once you defeat Auntie Ethel, use the control orb (X:-422 Y:565) to bring down Mayrina and free her. Once you do so, Mayrina will show that she is upset with what you did. This will give you the following dialogue options. Slow down - What did I do?.I'm sorry. I was trying to help.this is an interesting way of thanking me.I don't need this. Good luck getting out of here on your own. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Mayrina explain that Auntie Ethel was going to bring her husband back from the dead. This will give you the following dialogue options. Because of Auntie Ethel. You nearly died!.Don't be naive - a hag was never going to help you.Hags don't work for free. What did you promise her?.Are you done whining yet? Choosing dialogue 3 will have Mayrina explain that she gave up her child in exchange for her husband. You were going to trade your baby for your dead husband?.With hags, nothing is ever over.A life for a life - you must really love y our husband. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Mayrina explain that she wouldnt have been able to raise the child and was convinced when Auntie Ethel promised to raise the child and give it a good life. This will give the following dialogue options. Is that what Ethel told you?.Don't sell yourself short. You can raise this child.From what I've seen, you'd make a terrible mother.You should have known better - hags don't help anyone but themselves. Choosing dialogue 2 does not convince Mayrina that she will make a good mother and is upset that her child will meet their dead father upon bringing home her husbands coffin. After this conversation, Mayrina runs away. Head out to the Acrid workshop and on the table (X:-418, Y:601) you will be able to pick up a wand called Bitter Divorce. Pick it up and leave through the Mushroom Circle. Look for Mayrin and bring her the wand. Interacting with her will give you the following dialogue options. I found a wand - I think I can resurrect your husband.Are you all right?.You could just leave him here.Whining won't het you there any faster.Stand with her in silence.Leave her to mourn.   Choosing dialogue 1 will shock Mayrina and she begs you to resurrect him. This will give you the following dialogue options. Point the wand towards the coffin.Snap the wand in two. Choosing dialogue 1 brings back her dead husband but as a zombie. This will give you the following dialogue options. Huh. The creature's bound to this wand. How useful.So the hag fulfils her promise. It can never be simple, can it?.Hold on - maybe it's not permanent. Choosing dialogue 2 upsets Mayrina, and gives you the following dialogue options. This is your husband - do you want him or not?.Don't worry - I have the wand. I'll make use of him.We can always bury him again.Kill the undead abomination. Choosing dialogue 1 will make Mayrina believe she can bring Connor back to the way he was. This gives you the following dialogue options. Here's the wand. Good luck to you and Connor.Pocket the wand away. Choosing dialogue 1 will gain the approval of Karlach, and satisfies Mayrina and is convinced she will be able to find someone to help her in Baldur's Gate. This completes Get Help from Auntie Ethel.  

 How to unlock Get Help from Auntie Ethel : Get Help from Auntie Ethel is a subquest for Find a Cure.  

Get Help from Auntie Ethel Rewards : Rewards  

Get Help from Auntie Ethel Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here    