Get Help from Healer Nettie : Get Help from Healer Nettie is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Get Help from Healer Nettie can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3. For this quest, players will need to seek out Nettie.    

Get Help from Healer Nettie Objectives : Aradin told us that the druid Halsin has an apprentice. If we can find her, she might be able to help us with the parasite. When we asked about healing, we were told to look for Nettie in the Inner Sanctum.There's a camp nearby where someone named Nettie can supposedly heal any wound. She might be able to help remove the parasite. We told Nettie about the parasite. She seemed concerned and asked us to follow her to another room for treatment. Unable to heal us, Nettie spared us the horror of ceremorphosis - by poisoning one of us with deadly venom. We need to cure the poison immediately.Nettie's corpse told us of a cure - the Elixir of Silvanus. It seems related to flora of the Dalelands.To make the lifesaving antidote, we need to mix a bundle of mugwort in a cauldron of theriac, blessed by Silvanus. We managed to find a cure for the venom Nettie used - but we're still no closer to a cure for the parasite.We rescued Nettie's master, Halsin. Now that he's safe, we don't need to ask Nettie for help - we can go directly to the master druid instead.Nettie was killed before she could help us. We'll need to find another way to cure ourselves.Nettie's dead - serves her right for trying to poison us. But it's a bittersweet victory: we still need to find a way to deal with the parasite.We left the area without seeing if the druid apprentice could heal us.  

Get Help from Healer Nettie Walkthrough : Get Help from Healer Nettie is a subquest for Find a Cure. At the Sacred Pool in Emerald Grove, there is a Stone Door (X:224 Y:527) that you will have to go through. Head to the Druid's Chambers and speak to Nettie. Interacting with her will give you the following dialogue options. Is there anything I can do to help?.Wait Patiently.Excuse me? I'm more important than some bird.Leave. Choosing dialogue 1 will show nettie heal the bird, she will speak to you after, she will also hope you are better compared to the others shes met if you are a Drow. This will give you the following dialogue options. Where did you see another drow?.Enough. I need your abilities.that depends. How good of a healer are you?.I'm looking for Nettie. Choosing dialogue 1 will not make her talk about it, and asks you what you need. This will give you the following dialogue options. I'm looking for Nettie.I need help. Now.Healing. Looks like I came to the right person. Choosing dialogue 1 will make herself known to you but still confused as to what you need. This will give you the following dialogue options. Healing. As soon as possible.Do you know anything about mind flayers?.I hear Halsin's the best healer around. I need to find him. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie inspect you, but still unsure about what shes looking for. This will give you the following dialogue options. No good way of putting this. I  uh  have a tadpole in my head.More than tired. Something crawled into my eye.Right. Yes, I'm  very tired indeed. Choosing dialogue 3 will have Nettie tell you to rest and dismiss you. You will have to talk to her again. Choosing dialogue 1 shocks Nettie. This will give you the following dialogue options. You know of them? Can you help me?.What other kinds are there? It's not like a frog hopped in my eye.Actually, nevermind. I'll get help elsewhere. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie ask you to follow her so she can see if she can help you. Follow Nettie to a spot in the wall that she has opened up ( X:-439 Y:6), head into the Enclave Library to see a Drow on the table. This makes you (if you re a Drow) uncomfortable and Nettie explains herself. This will give you the following dialogue options. [DROW] He and I have the same kind of parasite?.I'm hoping for a less grave cure.So you killed him and laid him out on the table?.Is everyone being captured by mind flayers these days? Didn't think it was a common experience.   Choosing dialogue 2 will have Nettie ask for your arm. This will give you the following dialogue options. What is that?.Hold out your arm.Pull back  Choosing dialogue 2 will have Nettie scratch you with the thorns, Nettie explains your legs will give out firsts, this confuses you. This will give you the following dialogue options. Wait, my legs? What kind of cure is this?.What in the hells have you done?.Grab the branch from her Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie apologize to you because without Halsin, she cannot treat you. this will give you the following dialogue options. Wait - you poisoned me?!.give me the antidote. Now.Turn and leave. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie try to calm you down. This will give you the following dialogue options. Give me the antidote. Now.Turn and Leave.Attack her. Choosing to attack her will gain the approval of Astarion and commence battle. This ends Get Help from Healer Nettie.   Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that it is the cure for you, and will ask for your arm again. This will give you the same options to choose from. This will give you the following dialogue options. Hold out your arm.I don't want it. This was a mistake. Choosing dialogue 2 will scare Nettie, telling you that you might transform if you are not cured. She asks again, she will become hostile if you refuse. This will give you the following dialogue options. [DEXTERITY] Dodge when she lunges for you.[INTIMIDATION] Don't be a fool. I'd kill you before you could blink.Attack her first - kill her quickly. You will need to pass the Intimidation Charisma skill check with a DC of 12 if you chose dialogue 2, succeeding will make her more logical. This will give you the following dialogue options. [PERSUASION] I'm not showing symptoms - I have time.[DECEPTION] I'm immune - I just want the tadpole gone to be safe.[INTIMIDATION] You can't hit me, let alone kill me. don't make me put you down. You will need to pass the Intimidation Charisma skill check with a DC of  5 if you chose dialogue 3, succeeding will convince that she is more valuable alive. This will give you the following dialogue options. I just want a chance to find a cure.No one else can stop those goblins, You need me.Exactly, I'm glad you're coming to your senses. Choosing dialogue 3 will have Nettie have you swear to her to swallow it if you feel symptoms. Nettie tells you the importance of finding Halsin. This gives you the following dialogue options. Do you know where he is?.What makes you so sure Halsin can help me?.Did you kill that drow because he was going to turn?.Leave. Choosing dialogue 3 reveals that Halsin had to put him down because he was goin to hurt Nettie. The drow was leading the goblins. This will give the same dialogue options to you. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Nettie explain why she believes Halsin can help you. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie tell you to ask the adventurers that abandoned him about Halsins whereabouts. This completes Get Help from Healer Nettie.   Choosing dialogue 1 ( The Drow and I have the same kind of parasite?) will reveal that it is the same parasite and why Halsin left. Nettie begins. This will give you the following dialogue options.  Thank you, I'll take anything that can help.what's that plant? Will it help?.Just hurry up and cure me. I don't have time to chat. Choosing dialogue 2 makes Nettie feel uneasy, saying it might help and asking for your symptoms. This will give you the following dialogue options. It 'might'? What aren't you telling me?.I can merge my mind with anyone else that's infected.I fell from a ship in the sky, but something caught me. It saved my life.No, nothing strange, I just want it out of my head. Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Nettie wants to help but needs more information. This will give players the same dialogue options to choose from again. Choosing dialogue 2 will interest Nettie, she asks for more information. This will give you the following dialogue options. On a mind flayer ship - I was kidnapped and infected,.I don't know, I just woke up with it.You're asking a lot of questions .Look, are you going to cure me or not? Choosing dialogue 1 shocks Nettie. She is honest and tells you that you are dangerous but because you're a good person she will try to save you by giving you wyvern poison to swallow if you feel symptoms. This will give you the following dialogue options. I thought you could cure me? What about that branch of yours?.I swear.All right. Hand it over,.No, I'm not taking poison from a woman I can't trust. Choosing dialogue 1 reveals that the thorns are coated with fatal toxins in case she couldn't trust you, she did not have a cure for you and makes you swear to her that you'd take the poison if needed. Choosing dialogue 2 gains the approval of shadowheart and Lae'zel but the disapproval of Astarion. She thanks you for cooperating and hands you the poison. She opens up about she learned about the mind flayer infections. She is shocked to find that you seem normal despite being infected. This gives you the following dialogue options. What do you mean 'should' be changing?.You must've learned something from studying them.Just tell me if there's a cure or not. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie open up her studies about how mind flayers are made within 7 days but instead it gives you powers and keeps you looking normal. This gives you the following dialogue options. So you think it's only a matter of time?.That's  good news?.You said you were tracking other victims. Did they change? Choosing dialogue 1 will have Nettie reveal that the infected have been converging on an old temple of Selune but has no idea why, and mentioned that Halsin joined but never returned. This gives you the following dialogue options. What do you want me to do?.So? Go and get him.You think he's still alive? Choosing dialogue 1 will reveal that Nettie has sent birds to look for him but unable to get close due to the goblins. Nettie suggests you go find him since they wont hurt someone like you that carries a parasite. This will give you the following dialogue options. All right, I'll find Halsin.It sounds like you're making a lot of assumptions that could kill me.You're sure he can cure me?.That sounds like suicide. I won't do it. Choosing dialogue 1 makes Nettie feel grateful. This ends Get Help from Healer Nettie.  

 How to unlock Get Help from Healer Nettie : Get Help from Healer Nettie is a subquest for Find a Cure.  

Get Help from Healer Nettie Rewards : Rewards  

Get Help from Healer Nettie Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here    