Help Your Protector : Help Your Protector is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Help Your Protector can be acquired during Act 3. This quest is part of the Personal Quests that you can get in the game.    

Baldur's Gate 3 Help Your Protector Objectives : During the night, we were awoken by the voice of the Absolute. A githyanki contingent ambushed us. We heard the voice of the Dream Visitor, desperately seeking our help.  Inside the Astral Prism, we came upon a battle between githyanki and intellect devourers. The Dream Visitor urged us towards the epicentre of the fight - the skull. The imprisoned githyanki is close to breaking free with the help of its allies. The mind flayer is struggling to keep him subdued. Without out help, it will no succeed. We must destroy the githyanki assailants. The mind flayer revealed itself as none other than our Dream Visitor. It is a rogue illithid, and just like us, it wishes to be free of the elder brain's domination. By helping it to subdue the githyanki prince Orpheus, we remain protected from the Absolute's power.  

How to unlock Help Your Protector : Progress to the Wyrm's Landing in Act 3.  

Help Your Protector Rewards : Astral-Touched Tadpole  

Baldur's Gate 3 Help Your Protector Walkthrough : After beginning Act 3, you'll find yourself at Camp in the Wyrm's Landing. Interact with your bedroll to go to bed. Your character will have trouble sleeping and when they're about to settle down, they'll be interrupted by the Voice of the Absolute ringing through their head. While you struggle to get your hand on the Artefact, you learn that the Absolute is rallying their forces to invade Baldur's Gate. The Dream Visitor then calls out to you, needing help from an attack and opens a portal to the Astral Plane. This begins the Personal Quest Help Your Protector. You will be forced into combat against three Githyanki. Fighting them is not the main goal, however. On the right of your screen, you'll see a 3-turn countdown. You need to reach the portal within those three turns or the Absolute will take control of your mind. Make a beeline to the portal, ignoring the Githyanki attackers and you'll make it to the Astral Plane.  Not all is well in the Astral Plane. When you enter, you'll find some more Githyanki warriors destroying the orb surrounding the skull and once again hear pleas from your Dream Visitor asking for help. Ahead on a platform below you, you'll find eight friendly Intellect Devourers fighting two Githyanki warriors. Hop down and defeat the warriors, then continue forward into the large skull. When you enter, you'll view a cutscene of a Mind Flayer fighting against several Githyanki. The Illithid will reveal that they were in fact your Dream Visitor and ask for help in defeating the Githyanki warriors. You'll have the following options when responding to it's request: What do you need me to do?.Leave the githyanki alone!.Prove to me that your are who you say.This is the battle you were fighting?.I don't believe you. You're a mind flayer.Die, monster!  If you pick the fourth option, he will tell you that the warriors aim to free their master bound by chains and that you cannot let that happen. Agree, and you'll enter combat against four Githyanki warriors. After you defeat all four warriors the Mind Flayer, The Emperor, will thank you and explain that they are the reason you have not yet turned into a Mind Flayer yourself. You'll then have the following dialogue options: I ask again - who are you? And I'm going to need a name this time.Thank you for saving me.I always suspected you were a mind flayer.Why did you deceive me all this time?.I prefer the other version of you.Tell me everything. If you pick the first option, you'll learn more about who The Emperor was before being turned into a Mind Flayer. Your next set of choices will look like this: Lord Gortash was one of the Chosen in the colony .Did you have to eat criminals' brains?.So are you going to tell me what this battle was about?.How did you end up in here?.That githyanki in the sphere - who is it?  The first option is a free option, and lets you learn a little bit more about Gortash. Pick the fifth option, and he tells you a little bit about Orpheus, the bound githyanki prince, and how his powers are crucial to keeping your freedom from the Absolute. You will then have several options to ask about Orpheus and what you could do with him, as well as what The Emperor is doing in the Artefact. If you ask about freeing Orpheus, The Emperor states it's a bad idea and that the Githyanki prince will see you as a Mind Flayer as much as The Emperor is. You'll be able to give the following responses: We're alike in other ways too.The more I talk to you, the less you seem like a mind flayer.I'm nothing like you.I'm no illithid, and will never be. If you pick the second option, The Emperor will talk about the benefits of being a Mind Flayer and encourage you to become one as well. You'll be able to respond in the following ways: I would like that.Why do you say that?.I don't like what you're implying .I'm trying to avoid becoming a mind flayer - I thought you agreed to protect me. Pick the second option again and he offers to evolve the tadpole in your head to the next stage, enhancing your Illithid Powers in exchange for a slight change in appearance. You can freely ask him why he can't stop ceremorphosis, after which you'll have to agree or disagree to his offer. If you disagree, he understands and hopes you can defeat your foes without the need of enhanced Illithid abilities, but gives you the Astral-Touched Tadpole just in case you change your mind. This conversation will end Help Your Protector.  

Help Your Protector Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  