Help the Hag Survivors : Fey Semblance Amulet Ring of Feywild Sparks Help the Hag Survivors is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Help the Hag Survivors can be acquired during Act 3.    

Help the Hag Survivors Objectives : Visit Barren's Coop.Go to Old Garlows Place.Cure Mayrina.Report to the hag's surivivors.Defeat the hag's minion.Speak with Mayrina  

Help the Hag Survivors Walkthrough : After unlocking the quest, travel to Barren's Coop. You will find clues (letter on the table) that the Hag Survivors were evicted and are now holed up at Old Garlow's Place.Mayrina, the girl you saved from Aunt Ethel, is at Old Galow's Place (X-52, Y-148), Baldur's Gate Lower City. This time she was turned into a sheep by Hag, you can free her by using Remove Curse spell or destroying the voodoo doll. (Alternatively, you can pickpocket Jatlo, find the note from Auntie then confront him. He will transformed into a Redcap and attack. Kill him will end the curse.).After saving Mayrina and defeating Jatlo, take the book in the wall safe, it tells you how to properly kill a hag. (Quest Help the Hag Survivors, Avenge the Hag Survivors, Save Vanra. You need the Hag's Bane recipe.).Visit Flaming Fist barracks north of the Basilisk Gate and talk to Vanra's mother, After that investigate the Blushing Mermaid. However, the captain claims there's no missing child, and offers you gold to kill the mother.You need to refuse the offer, forcing Aunt Ethel to reveal her true form. Defeat her red caps and chase her into the basement. The Hag's lair is hidden behind an illusionary wall.The real captain and the crew are kept in Hag's lair as minions. If you want to keep them alive after the confrontation with Aunt Ethel, cast Protect from Good and Evil spell on one of your party members, wear the Whispering Mask, and walk past these minions. On the other side, you can lower the wall to let your whole team pass. .In order to Kill Aunt Ethel without killing Vanra, you need to brew Hag's Bane potion. (You can acquire the recipe in Old Garlow's Place wall safe.).Use Dried Fey Flower and any Essence to craft the Hag's Bane potion. Then, move forward to confront Aunt Ethel. You need to burn all her mushrooms and then throw the potion on her to save Varna.Kill Aunt Ethel and report to Mayrina to complete this quest.  

 How to unlock Help the Hag Survivors : You can unlock this interacting with the Hag Survivor Group pamphlets strewn across the city.  

Help the Hag Survivors Rewards : Fey Semblance Amulet.Ring of Feywild Sparks (On Hag's body)  

Help the Hag Survivors Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  