Help Kith'rak Voss : Help Kith'rak Voss is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Help Kith'rak Voss can be acquired during Act TBA. This quest is part of the Personal Quests that you can get in the game. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Help Kith'rak Voss Objectives : Kith'rak Voss visited our camp and asked us to help him free someone held prisoner within the Astral Prism. We agreed to bring the Prism to Baldur's Gate and meet him there.
 

Help Kith'rak Voss Walkthrough : Help Kith'rak Voss takes place during Act 3. Talk to Lae'zel, she I'll say she wants to speak with Kith'rak Voss at Sharess' Caress. Voss can be found inside a room on the third floor of Sharess' Caress next to Raphael. Once Voss leaves the room, starts the new Deal with the DevilQuest (This doesn't deviate us from our main mission).Once we finish Raphael's Quest, we meet Voss again on the second floor of Sharess' Caress. The outcome of this interaction varies based on whether you accepted Raphael's contract or not. If you agree to Raphael's terms and sign the contract, he'll drop the Orphic Hammer. Presenting it to Voss and agreeing to liberate Orpheus will conclude the quest, earning you the Silver Sword of the Astral Plane.Refusing Raphael's Contract: Declining the contract doesn't preclude obtaining the hammer, albeit through a significantly more challenging route. You must infiltrate Raphael's House of Hope, his residence, and steal the hammer. However, this entails confronting and defeating Raphael, widely regarded as one of the toughest adversaries in the game. Instructions on accessing the House of Hope are provided below.Meet Voss at The Sewers and show him the hammer, and if you signed Raphael's contract, the interaction proceeds similarly as before, resulting in the acquisition of the Silver Sword.
 

 How to unlock Help Kith'rak Voss : Rivington
 

Help Kith'rak Voss Rewards : Orphic Hammer.Silver Sword of the Astral Plane
 

Help Kith'rak Voss Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

