Impress the Murder Tribunal : Impress the Murder Tribunal is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Impress the Murder Tribunal can be acquired during Act 3 and it is a branching subquest for the main questline Get Orin's Netherstone. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Impress the Murder Tribunal Objectives : An unnerving stranger gave us a list of people and asked us to kill from it. If we do so, and bring a severed hand as proof, we can stand before the Murder Tribunal and enter the Temple of Bhaal..We found a list of people marked for death. If we kill two targets from this list, and bring a severed hand as proof, we can stand before the Murder Tribunal and enter the Temple of Bhaal. .Orin asked us to kill the tyrant Enver Gortash, sever his hand, and bring this bloody trophy before the Murder Tribunal..We have been asked to kill another target from the list. If we do so, and bring a severed hand as proof, we can stand before the Murder Tribunal and enter the Temple of Bhaal.
We must bring a severed hand - proof of our slaughter - before the Murder Tribunal, deep underneath Candulhallow's Tombstones..We have taken the serial killer Dolor's sick trophies - the hands of his victims. We can use these to access the Dread Lord's Tribunal underneath Candulhallow's Tombstones and find out how to enter the Temple of Bhaal..We killed Enver Gortash and pleased Orin the Red. She bid us bring his hand - proof of our slaughter - before the Murder Tribunal underneath Candulhallow's Tombstones. "Sicarius" will grant us entry.
We spoke the correct passphrase at Candulhallow's Tombstones and can approach the Murder Tribunal.
If we want to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal, we must first prove ourselves by slaying Minsc..If we want to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal, we must first prove ourselves by slaying Jaheira..If we want to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal, we must first prove ourselves by slaying Minsc and Jaheira..We slew Minsc to prove ourselves to Justice Sarevok. Now we can complete the ritual to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal worthy of entering his temple..We slew Jaheira to prove ourselves to Justice Sarevok. Now we can complete the ritual to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal..We slew Minsc and Jaheira to prove ourselves to Justice Sarevok. Now we can complete the ritual to become Unholy Assassins of Bhaal.
Justice Sarevok has told us the price of becoming an Unholy Assassin of Bhaal: kill the hollyphant Investigator Valeria.
We slew the hollyphant Investigator Valeria, and must bathe in her blood to become Unholy Assassins..We killed Justice Sarevok and did not become Unholy Assassins..We found the Temple of Bhaal, and have entered - ready to reclaim the Bhaalspawn birthright.
 

Impress the Murder Tribunal Walkthrough : You can reach Murder Tribunal from Canduhallow's Tombstones. Remove the Painting called Butterfly on Skull, press the button to reveal the entrance.
 

 How to unlock Impress the Murder Tribunal : Quest Giver / Location
 

Impress the Murder Tribunal Rewards : Rewards
 

Impress the Murder Tribunal Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

