Investigate the Beach : Investigate the Beach is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Investigate the Beach can be acquired during the chapter 1. Completing  Investigate the Beach will progress the story forward.   

Investigate the Beach Objectives : Investigate the music.Help the Entranced Child .Speak with the Entranced Child.Find Doni.  

Investigate the Beach Walkthrough : The Seclude Clove of the beach can be located near the Sacred Pool in the Emerald Grove (X:316 Y:553) When you approach the beach, you'll find an Entranced Child (a Tiefling boy) lured by the song of Harpy.Listen to the song and prepare to break away from it by choosing from a set of dialogues. If you succeed, you'll be able to break loose and help the child Tiefling snap out of the alluring song.During one of our playthroughs, we found that the Bard had a high chance to break through the trance. You'll have the option to sing along with the tune which breaks you from the trance, and eventually, the child. If you succeed, the child will eventually disengage and run far from the scene of the fight.If you see a harpy start to sing, divert your attention to the singing harpy to break its concentration.Defeat the harpies, and talk to the boy, he'll give you the password you need to say to Doni so you can enter the Tiefling's Hideout.  Before going back to Doni, make sure you check behind the rock formation to find a chest you can loot.Retrace your steps and speak to Doni. The muttering Tiefling can be located back at The Hollow, near the entrance of the Sacred Pool (X:227 Y550)  Make sure to "Not look behind" and talk to him until you tell him the Password. And make sure you choose "Leave" after.The hatch to Tiefling Hideout is right behind Doni. Head inside and speak to Mol, after the good dead of saving the child, she should have the option of mentioning about a quest of stealing the sacred idol (Steal the Sacred Idol). The choice is yours if you would like to accept it or not.  

 How to unlock Investigate the Beach : Entranced Child at the beach, Secluded Cove.  

Investigate the Beach Rewards : A story about your bravery written by tiefling kid.  

Investigate the Beach Notes & Tips : Watch out, your vampire get damaged in the water, better to leave him at the camp, or on the cliffs.Take positions on the cliffside roads, and get the advantage of high ground, only send one party member to the child.Silence spell, speed potion can make a difference, take the harpies one-by-one.  