Investigate the House of Grief : Investigate the House of Grief is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Investigate the House of Grief can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Investigate the House of Grief Objectives : We found a very disoriented merchant called Arves loitering outside a building. We should find out what happened to him. Maybe they'll have answers inside.
 

Investigate the House of Grief Walkthrough : When you first arrive at Rivington, you can find a Shar's follower called Ferg Dogher (X:45; Y:-102), Shadowheart can learn that her parents are kept prisoners at House of Grief..The House of Grief is located northwestern corner of the Lower City (X:-246; Y:-9). Inside the house, let Shadowheart sit on the granite bench will lead to a cutscene of Mother Superior, Viconia DeVir. (Viconia DeVir is a companion of BG1 and BG2. If you bring Jaheira and Minsc with you, there will be more interactions.).Proceed into the Cloister of Sombre Embrace, you need to choose between Shadowheart or Sharran followers. Defending Shadowheart leads to a fight with Viconia and Sharran disciples. Surrender Shadowheart and Lady Shar's faithful will join you in Gather Your Allies quest..If you killed Viconia, you get Viconia's Walking Fortress, Viconia's Priestess Robe and Handmaiden's Mace. .There is a priestess named Nocturne who used to be Shadowheart's friend, you can trade with her even after you fight Viconia..After the fight, you can pick up the silver key and take the Back Diamond in front of the altar to unlock the gate to the inner sanctum..After a cutscene of Shadowheart's parents, Shar, the goddess of Night and Darkness give her two choices. Let her parents die, or let them live but continue serving Shar..There's a Mirror of Lost in the inner sanctum. Offer a piece of memory to Mirror of Loss has a small chance of increasing your CHA by 1. If you passed the Religion check and pray to Shar, then offer another piece of Memory (or the Knowledge you learned from Thay Necromancy book), you have a small chance of increasing an attribute of your choice by 2..You can pass a deception check (20) to offer a fake memory of 20. Any attributes you lose can be cured by the Remove Curse spell.
 

 How to unlock Investigate the House of Grief : Quest Giver / Location
 

Investigate the House of Grief Rewards : Rewards
 

Investigate the House of Grief Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

