Investigate the Suspicious Toys : Investigate the Suspicious Toys is a Baldur's Gate Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Investigate the Suspicious Toys can be acquired during Act 3 and is a Baldur's Gate Quest. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Investigate the Suspicious Toys Objectives : We found a blackmail letter in a toymaker's cellar - something dangerous has been placed inside toys donated to the refugees. We should find them, and quickly.
There is a Flaming Fist manip in charge of donations.
We persuaded Manip Nestor to let us search the donations within the Requisitioned Barn.
We found the donated toys mentioned in the blackmail against Arfur - he put explosives inside of them. We should see what he has to say for himself.
We interrogated Arfur, and he confessed to donating the exploding toys. He claimed he was getting instructions and supplies from Felogyr's Fireworks in the Lower City. We should investigate..We used the passphrase for Felogyr's Fireworks to get to the next floor. We'll need another way into the uppermost floor, however.
We defeated the Banites in Felogyr's Fireworks and stopped them distributing smokepowder explosives across the city.

Investigate the Suspicious Toys Walkthrough : You can then start looting Arfur's mansion. In one room, discover a hatch that leads to the basement. There, you'll find a chest with a letter that initiates the quest "Investigate the Suspicious Toys."

Proceed south until you find "X:60 Y:-107." Speak with NPC Manip Nestor, and the quest "Investigating the Toys" will advance. Nestor will ask if you'd like to donate. Reply with:
Donations for what?.It looks like you have plenty already..I'll take a donation, please..I'll make a donation - what do you need?.I'm actually here to trade.
Opt for the first option, and Nestor will sarcastically mention it's for the refugees. Reply with:
[Persuasion] I need to get into the barn right now. Something dangerous might be among the donations..Donate some gold. (500).I want to donate some supplies..[Persuasion] I'd like to take the donation into the barn myself..Maybe people would donate more if you weren't so rude.
Choose the first option, and Nestor will allow your entrance. As you enter the Requisitioned barn behind Nestor, look to the left for a crate of toys. This discovery updates the "Investigate the Suspicious Toys" quest in your journal. Nestor expresses gratitude for identifying the issue and urges you to find the person who tampered with the toys. Now, your task is to locate Arfur and confront him.

After helping the refugees In Arfur's Mansion. You can search its basement. But be careful, the basement is full of traps, disarm them or the blackmail letter may be burnt.(Use the hatch to enter basement.).After you found the blackmail letter in a toymaker's cellar. Talk to the Flaming Fist in front of the Warehouse. You can find the suspicious toy in one of the crates..Talk to Flaming Fist again to report your findings. Now you can confront Arfur at Sharess' Caress..You can pass an intimidation check (DC15) to learn more about his bosses and a location, Felogyr's Fireworks. If you spare him after this, he gives you more gold and a pass to Wyrm's Rock fortress.
 

 How to unlock Investigate the Suspicious Toys : Investigate Arfur Mansion's basement.
 

Investigate the Suspicious Toys Rewards : Gold..The passphrase to Felogyr's Fireworks. You will have more opportunity to investigate Lord Gortash and Banite cultists.
 

Investigate the Suspicious Toys Notes & Tips : If Arfur is dead, you can use Speak with the Dead to learn the info..Notes & tips go here
 

