Kill Kagha : Kill Kagha is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Kill Kagha can be acquired during Act 1. Kill Kagha is a quest done as a subquest for the Save the Refugees Main Quest    

Kill Kagha Objectives : The tieflings and druids are at an impasse. Killing Kagha might tip the balance. We attacked Kagha, and the druids turned on all of the tieflings. Kagha and the other druids are dead. The conflict in the grove has ended. We should check on the tieflings. Zevlor thanked us for taking care of Kagha. Now we can focus on the goblin threat.  

Kill Kagha Walkthrough : This quest unlocks a dialogue option with Kagha saying Zevlor wants her gone, and that you are here to get rid of her. This immediately initiates combat, and triggers the war between the Druids and the Tieflings.  

 How to unlock Kill Kagha : Zevlor  

Kill Kagha Rewards : This subquest hast no direct rewards.Indirect Rewards (drops, related quest rewards, etc.) Hellrider's Pride (reward from Zevlor dialogue; obtained via any method that stops Kagha's ritual, killing Kagha is not required) Broodmother's Revenge (dropped by Kagha) Key of the Ancients (dropped by Findal if he was rescued and turned hostile when attacking Kagha without using Investigate Kagha dialogue options, or if he is killed by Kagha or her allies) Rune of the Wolf (dropped by Rath if he dies in the conflict, or if he is killed by Kagha or her allies; leads to the Hidden Vault containing Sorrow, the Robe of Summer, and other loot) Merchant loot (if merchants like Arron and Dammon die in the conflict) If all of the Druid NPCs die, many objects and containers are now no longer considered "stealing". This includes the Idol of Silvanus, allowing for easy completion of Steal the Sacred Idol if the quest was obtained beforehand, rewarding Ring of Protection. Various keys (Kagha's Key; if the Druids turn against the Tieflings and begin killing each other, multiple Storage Keys and the Prison Key may be found on select Tiefling corpses should they die in the conflict, such as Zorru, Guex, and Ikaron) .Hellrider's Pride (reward from Zevlor dialogue; obtained via any method that stops Kagha's ritual, killing Kagha is not required).Broodmother's Revenge (dropped by Kagha).Key of the Ancients (dropped by Findal if he was rescued and turned hostile when attacking Kagha without using Investigate Kagha dialogue options, or if he is killed by Kagha or her allies).Rune of the Wolf (dropped by Rath if he dies in the conflict, or if he is killed by Kagha or her allies; leads to the Hidden Vault containing Sorrow, the Robe of Summer, and other loot).Merchant loot (if merchants like Arron and Dammon die in the conflict).If all of the Druid NPCs die, many objects and containers are now no longer considered "stealing". This includes the Idol of Silvanus, allowing for easy completion of Steal the Sacred Idol if the quest was obtained beforehand, rewarding Ring of Protection. .This includes the Idol of Silvanus, allowing for easy completion of Steal the Sacred Idol if the quest was obtained beforehand, rewarding Ring of Protection.Various keys (Kagha's Key; if the Druids turn against the Tieflings and begin killing each other, multiple Storage Keys and the Prison Key may be found on select Tiefling corpses should they die in the conflict, such as Zorru, Guex, and Ikaron)  

Kill Kagha Notes & Tips : Similar to stealing the Idol of Silvanus, the dialogue option given by this quest instantly makes many Druid-aligned NPCs hostile to both the party and all of the Tiefling NPCs. They will begin killing each other in real time across all of the Druid Grove while you are locked in turn-based combat with Kagha unless the party splits up. This can potentially result in various quest failures depending on which NPCs die (such as Dammon who is tied to Karlach's Companion Quest "The Hellion's Heart"), as well as losing access to multiple merchants.TO AVOID WAR BUT STILL KILL KAGHA: Combat can be initiated through dialogue options granted by the subquest Investigate Kagha, which will have most of the Druids turn against Kagha and the Shadow Druids and aid you in combat. The Druids will not turn against the Tieflings, saving all NPCs outside the Emerald Grove chamber from potentially dying. .The Druids will not turn against the Tieflings, saving all NPCs outside the Emerald Grove chamber from potentially dying.  