Lift the Shadow Curse : Lift the Shadow Curse is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Lift the Shadow Curse can be acquired during Act 2 and is related to Halsin.   Help Halsin remove the shadow curse surrounding Moonrise Towers.   

Lift the Shadow Curse Objectives : Look for clues as to Thaniel's whereabouts.Meet Halsin by the Lakeshore.Defend the Portal.Meet Halsin at camp. After this step, Halsin may be recruited as a follower during normal gameplay. .After this step, Halsin may be recruited as a follower during normal gameplay.Seek Thaniel's Shadow.Speak to Halsin at camp.Kill Ketheric Thorm.  

Lift the Shadow Curse Walkthrough : Go to Last Light Inn, and talk to Art Cullagh. He is magically asleep in the first room on the right of the Inn, the ground floor. You will need to complete the quest Wake up Art Cullagh. (You need to deal with Malus Thorm in House of Healing and retrieve the Battered Lute) If Art is dead, you can cast Speak with Dead to interrogate him and continue the quest. .If Art is dead, you can cast Speak with Dead to interrogate him and continue the quest.Return to Halsin at camp, and talk to him. He will move to the lakeside north of Last Light Inn.Make your team combat ready then speak with him on the lakeside. He will trigger a time-based fight where you must defend his portal into Shadowfell from waves of Wraiths, Shadows, Shadow Mastiffs, Shadow Creepers, and Shadow-Cursed Harpers, Flaming Fists, Zealots, and Githyanki Warriors. If the portal is destroyed, the quest fails and Halsin is lost. Three waves of many enemies will spawn. AoE Spells such as Wall of Fire, Sleet Storm, Guardian of Faith and Fireball are very handy. (You can also place explosives to make the fight easier.) .Three waves of many enemies will spawn. AoE Spells such as Wall of Fire, Sleet Storm, Guardian of Faith and Fireball are very handy. (You can also place explosives to make the fight easier.).Halsin will talk to you when all enemies are dead or the timer for him to return elapses. He then returns to camp with Thaniel.Talk with Halsin at camp. He will task you to look for Oliver (the strange boy you met in House in Deep Shadows). He can be found directly east of the Shadowed Battlefield waypoint. From this point on, you can have Halsin follow you like any other character. This is however not required to complete the quest. .From this point on, you can have Halsin follow you like any other character. This is however not required to complete the quest.Find and talk to Oliver. You may need to play hide and seek with him. He will hide first near the cart outside of the small hut, and then inside the house again. Merely walking close to him reveals him. .He will hide first near the cart outside of the small hut, and then inside the house again. Merely walking close to him reveals him.Ask Oliver to reunite with Thaniel. He refuses, and opens a portal inside the house where you met him. You can take it to follow him to the center of the town, where you must defeat him by breaking his shadow dome. Mommy and Daddy, when killed, will deal 60 damage each to the dome. Oliver will create 6 copies of himself, each with 1 HP, on each of his turns, if none are present. Killing each shadow clone will deal 10 damage to the shadow dome. Killing Mommy, Daddy, and the shadow clones is the most efficient way to destroy the dome. Using Magic Missile is an easy way to destroy the clones. The dome's description when you inspect it says it reflects double the damage dealt to it back to the attacker, but that doesn't seem to actually be the case (as of Patch #4). So you can also trying attacking the dome directly. .Mommy and Daddy, when killed, will deal 60 damage each to the dome.Oliver will create 6 copies of himself, each with 1 HP, on each of his turns, if none are present. Killing each shadow clone will deal 10 damage to the shadow dome.Killing Mommy, Daddy, and the shadow clones is the most efficient way to destroy the dome. Using Magic Missile is an easy way to destroy the clones.The dome's description when you inspect it says it reflects double the damage dealt to it back to the attacker, but that doesn't seem to actually be the case (as of Patch #4). So you can also trying attacking the dome directly.Return to camp and speak with Thaniel and Halsin to finish the quest.  

 How to unlock Lift the Shadow Curse : Talk to Halsin during Act 2.  

Lift the Shadow Curse Rewards : Halsin may be recruited as a follower during and after the completion of this quest.Ally in Gather Your Allies  

Lift the Shadow Curse Notes & Tips : If you already completed Act 2, you can still start this quest even if Art Cullagh is dead by casting Speak with Dead on Art's body. This will let you ask him about Thaniel. After you do so, talk to Halsin to continue the quest. This is one of the times where you can ask more than five questions to the target during Speak with Dead. .This is one of the times where you can ask more than five questions to the target during Speak with Dead.Proceeding to the Gauntlet of Shar Inner Sanctum before this quest triggers Art's death[please confirm].Finishing this quest will not actually remove the shadow curse from around Moonlight Tower. Halsin states that "it will take some time" for it to heal.Quest completion will trigger by entering Act 3.  