Rescue the Druid Halsin : Rescue the Druid Halsin is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Rescue the Druid Halsin can be acquired during Act 1 as one of the methods to Find a Cure, a Main Quest in BG3.    

Rescue the Druid Halsin Walkthrough : Rescue the Druid Halsin is a subquest for Find a Cure.   The entrance to the Goblin Camp can be found going through the Blighted Village, through the forest and over the wooden bridge (X:-63 Y:365) Once you reach the camp, go through the courtyard and go through the Heavy Oak Doors (X:-106 Y:454). You are now in shattered Sanctum, go towards the end and take the stairs on the upper right corner of the room. Head up the stairs and turn left and follow the path, enter the next door you see. You are now in the Worg Pens, go to the right cage and you will find 2 goblins there. Interacting with them will start a cutscene where they throw rocks at the bear. You will have the following dialogue options. what the hells are you doing?.He's helpless. Let him go.Sharper stones might cut through all that fur.Turn away. Choosing dialogue 1 will have the goblins explain what the bear did to them, and wanting to torture it more. You will have the following dialogue options.  Go on, then. Keep at it.Leave him alone!.How about a taste of your own medicine?.[ILLITHID][WISDOM] Let him out. I'll take care of the beast. Choosing dialogue 3 will have the bear break open the cage doors and commence battle. You will have to pass the Wisdom skill check with a DC of 2 if you chose dialogue 4, if succeeded, they will listen to you and open the cage. You will have the following dialogue options. Attack the goblins.Charge the bear.Leave the bear to the goblins' mercy. Choosing dialogues 1 or 2 will commence in a battle against the goblins. Halsin will turn back to normal and speak with you. You will have the following dialogue options. Glad I could be of help.You're Halsin? The Master Halsin of the emerald Grove?.I spoke to Nettie - she said you could help me with the parasite in my head.I've heard you're an unmatched healer. I need your help.I've been to the emerald Grove. It's in danger.You should get out of here. It's not safe. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Halsin tell you to just call him by his name. You will have the same dialogues to choose from. Choosing dialogue 5 will reveal that Halsin is aware of the situation at the Emerald Grove, he notices the look on your face and examines you, making him aware of your parasite. He asks you about it. You will have the following dialogue options. I don't know.I escaped from an illithid ship after being infected. Maybe the process was interrupted.I think this artefact has something to do with it. Choosing dialogue 2 will make Halsin realize you were looking for him to cure you, and tells you that he has been studying them. He cannot cure you, but he will try to help. He has found out the origin location of these enchantments that has been placed on the tadpoles. You will have the following dialogue options. Tell me what you've learned about the tadpoles' origins.This magic isn't typical of how mind flayers procreate?.So all of this was for nothing.You learned all this from your studies? Choosing dialogue 1 will have Halsin talk about the information he knows about the tadpoles. You will have the following dialogue options. You seem to know a lot about this. Will you come with me to Moonrise?.Altered parasites? A cure at Moonrise Towers, maybe? Sounds like guesswork at best.At least I know what to do now. Thank you. Choosing dialogue 2 will reveal that Halsin is certain of the information he knows about the cure being at Moonrise Towers. He asks you for help and in return will accompany you on your journey to the Moonrise Towers. You will have the following dialogue options. All right. How do I help?.Look around you - there's no order anymore. Only chaos.Kagha carried out the Rite of Thorns - the grove has been sealed off from the world. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Halsin tell you his plans and what he needs help with. Which is to defeat the goblin leaders. You will have the following dialogue options. Having a shapeshifting bear-druid at my side might make things easier.I'll deal with this. You get to safety.The grove isn't my problem. I have to concentrate on saving myself.You ask too much of me. I can't help you. Choosing dialogue 2 will gain the approval of Gale and Shadowheart, but the disapproval of Astarion. Halsin will refuse to leave unless the grove is secure. You will have the following dialogue options. Follow me, then. Your bear form may prove useful.All right. Wait here until it's done. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Halsin inform you of the precautions you will have to make if he changes into his bear form. You will have the following dialogue options. Come with me.Stay here. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Halsin stay back and wishing you luck.    Minthara can be found in a room a floor above where you can find the Priestess Gut, take the stairs behind her and head right. Follow the path and you will find her by a table (X:327 Y:40) Interacting with her will start a conversation with her, she is aware you carry the parasite. You will have the following dialogue options. I'm on a hunt of my own. I'm looking for a druid named Halsin.A hunt? Who's the target?.I have my own business to take care of.How do you know I'm a True Soul?.I'm on a hunt, too - you're my prey. Choosing dialogue 5 will commence battle with Minthara. Choosing dialogue 2 and Minthara will say that people who worship a false god are her targets and that shes aware there is a weapon of the absolute, which is the artefact you carry. Minthara talks about Halsin. You will have the following dialogue options. The tieflings should be warned. Together, you can outnumber her warband.Leading her to the tieflings might doom them  But it would earn you her trust.Perhaps you can misdirect her  or kill her. Choosing dialogue 2 will have Minthara eager to start the hunt. You will have the following dialogue options. I can be very persuasive - I'll visit the prisoner.We don't need the prisoner. I already know the place you're looking for.My hunt ends here - you're my prey.Leave. Choosing dialogue 2 will make Minthara skeptical. You will have the following dialogue options. Nothing stays hidden from me.The Absolute guided me. Choosing dialogue 1 will make Minthara enter your mind so you can show it to her. You will have the following dialogue options. Get out of my mind.Allow her to read your thoughts.[INTELLIGENCE] Obscure memories of the grove with images of half-remembered places. Choosing dialogue 2 will make Minthara trust you and tell her plans of what you should do. You will have the following dialogue options. I prefer to face my enemies rather tahn stabbing them in the back.And once I'm inside?.[LOLTH-DWORN] I don't have the most trustworthy face. Choosing dialogue 2 will reveal Minthara's plan in the Grove, and speaks about the Absolute. You will have the following dialogue options. I've done enough. The battle is yours to fight.It shall be so.No. This ends now, and so do you. Choosing dialogue 2 will gain the approval of Astarion, and the disapproval of Gale. Monthara will also be pleased with you. Minthara trusts you and ends the conversation. She will walk onto the wooden bridge, you can break the bridge and killing her when she falls.   The priestess Gut can be found in the main room in the Shattered Sanctum (X:302 Y:-12). Interacting with Priestess Gut will start the subquest Ask the Goblin Priestess for Help. You will have the following dialogue options. Why should I let you brand me?.I assume this mark has a purpose.I'm not letting you burn me for life on a whim.I'm here to spill your guts across the floor. Choosing dialogue 4 will gain the approval of Astarion but the disapproval of Shadowheart. This will commence battle between your party and the goblins.   Dror Ragzlin can be found at the far North in the Shattered Sanctum (X:294 Y:35). The easiest way to defeat him is to use Shadowheart, drink an invisibility potion and shove him down towards the hole on the upper right corner. Otherwise, entering the room will commence a battle immediately.   You can report to Halsin that you have defeated all the leaders or that they have gone to the grove. Head to the grove together. If Minthara is still alive, you can meet her at the Grove (X:219 Y:422) and fight her there.   Halsin can be found at the Emerald Grove at The Hollow by the Sacred Pool (X:265 Y:533) speaking with Kagha. Interact with him to hear that Halsin is upset with Kagha. You will have the following dialogue options. That's all? She tried to imprison a child.You'll have your hands full with her. She shows great spirit, to put it mildly.No need to be so harsh. Kagha acted out of concern.The fire of ambition is in her very blood - and cruel blood is a life companion.You were too lenient. There's bad blood between tieflings and druids because of her. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Halsin explain why he chose such punishment. He thanks you, and asks you to speak to Rath regarding your reward. You will have the following dialogue options. I hope this grove of yours was worth the bloodshed.What happens next?.Leave. Choosing dialogue 1 will have Halsin tell you how important the grove is to him. This will give you the same dialogue options. Leave and explore the grove. You can find Zevlor on a stone bridge in Emerald Grove (X:212 Y:458) Speak to him, he will tell you that he is ready to leave. You will have the following dialogue options. Let's go there right away.We'll see you there.   Choosing either dialogue will end the day and everyone will be at the campsite. After the celebration, Halsin will speak to you regarding your journey together to Moonrise Tower. You will have the following dialogue options. What's so dangerous about it?.Moonrise Tower it is them. I'd better make haste.I was expecting more from you than a lead towards some distant, dangerous prospect.That's it? Just go to this place? Choosing dialogue 4 will shock Halsin seeing that you expected more. He goes on to say how dangerous this place is. You will have the following dialogue options. Sounds like I've no choice - I need to find a way through.What do you suggest?.The Absolute's forces can tolerate such a place?.There must be another way to cure myself.How are you so sure Moonrise is where I have to go? Choosing dialogue 2 will have Halsin suggest to go through Risen Road or through the Underdark to Moonrise Towers. You will have the following dialogue options. I found the hidden entrance in the temple of Selûne - the way is clear.I don't want to risk getting lost in the Underdark - I'll journey overland.I never thought I'd say this, but it sounds like the Underdark is the safer route.What would you do? Choosing dialogue 1 shocks Halsin and he wishes you join your camp and go to Moonrise Towers with you. You will have the following dialogue options. Let's go, then.You want to come to Moonrise as well? Why?.What about the grove? Choosing dialogue 1 puts Halsin in your camp, and this ends the conversation and completes Rescue the Druid Halsin.  

Rescue the Druid Halsin Objectives : Halsin was last seen leaving the grove with a group of adventurers.Halsin was actively researching the parasite - he might be one of the few people who understand our condition. We learned that a powerful druid named Halsin hasn't returned from an expedition into goblin territory. He might be able to help us.The druid Halsin was researching the parasite. He might be one of the few people who understands our condition - we need to find him.Halsin's research suggests that the parasite is connected to a Goblin Camp located in an old temple of Selûne.The adventurers were with Halsin when he disappeared. They might know what happened to him.We learned that Halsin transformed into a bear during the chaos of the failed expedition. He might still be in that shape.We learned that the goblins imprisoned the survivors deep within their camp. Halsin could be held captive there - if he survived.We discovered that the druid Halsin was here in the Goblin Camp and he claimed to be able to remove their parasites, If he's still alive, he might be able to help us.Aradin told us the druid Halsin was either killled or captured by the goblins. The only way to find out for sure is to infiltrate their camp.We found a group of goblins massacred by some kind of animal. could this have been the work of the missing druid Halsin? We saved a druid named Halsin. He can't heal us, but if we help him defeat the goblin leaders, he may help us find answers at Moonrise Towers.We found the missing druid Halsin. He can't heal us, but if we help him defeat the goblin leaders, he may help us find answers at Moonrise Towers.We killed Dror Ragzlin, the goblin king.We killed Minthara the drow commander.We killed the Priestess Gut, the goblin priestess, We defeated all three goblin leaders. We should report to Halsin.The goblins left to attack the grove. We should report to Halsin. We saved the druid named Halsin. He can't heal us, but if we help defend the grove from the goblins, he may help us find answers at Moonrise Towers.We found the missing druid Halsin. He can't heal us, but if we help defend the grove from the goblins, he may help us find answers at Moonrise Towers.Halsin has left to fend off the goblins attacking the grove. If the defences hold, we can find him there afterwards. We found the missing druid Halsin. He can't heal us, but we might find answers at Moonrise Towers. He'll meet us at camp to discuss our next move.We saved a druid named Halsin. He can't heal us, but we might find answers at Moonrise Towers. He'll meet us at camp to discuss our next move.With the goblin leaders dead, Halsin and the grove can rest easy. He'll meet us at camp to discuss our next move. With the goblin leaders dead, Halsin and the grove can rest easy. We should meet him there to discuss what comes next.With the raiders dead, Halsin and the grove can rest easy. We should meet him there to discuss what comes next.Halsin has returned to the grove. He should be able to help us with our parasite now. We should speak to him.A druid named Halsin has returned to the grove. He's a powerful healer. We should speak with him.We saved a druid named Halsin. He can't heal us, but we might find answers at Moonrise Towers. He'll meet us at the grove to discuss our next move.We found the missing druid Halsin. He can't heal us, but we might find answers at Moonrise Towers. He'll meet us at the grove to plan our next move.Halsin has returned to the grove - he may have good advice for our next steps.Halsin thanked us and assured us that Rath would reward us for rescuing him. Halsin said that we're in no immediate danger, and that answers are at Moonrise Towers. We can celebrate tonight - and discuss a plan in the morning.A druid named Halsin said we're in no danger for now. We can celebrate tonight and discuss a plan in the morning. Moonrise Towers holds more answers.Halsin thanked us and said that Rath would surely reward us for our efforts. Halsin thanked us and said that Rath would surely reward us for our efforts.Halsin said that we're in no immediate danger, and that answers are at Moonrise Towers. We can celebrate tonight - and discuss a plan in the morning.A druid named Halsin said we're in no danger for now. We can celebrate tonight and discuss a plan in the morning. Moonrise Towers holds more answers. Halsin thanked us and said that Rath would surely reward us for our efforts.Halsin said that we're in no immediate danger, and that answers are at Moonrise Towers. We can celebrate tonight - and discuss a plan in the morning.A druid named Halsin said we're in no danger for now. We can celebrate tonight and discuss a plan in the morning. Moonrise Towers holds more answers. Halsin was defeated before he could help us with the parasite. Maybe there's another way we can find out what he knew.Halsin was defeated before he could help us with the parasite. Maybe his research can be of use. Grateful for our help, the tieflings are celebrating our victory. Time to have some fun. We met the druid Halsin. He cannot cure us, but will join us as we embark for Moonrise Towers. There, we may discover more about our infection.We found a diary written by the druid Halsin. In it, he talks about the parasites originating in Moonrise Towers.Halsin believed that the parasites are coming from Moonrise Towers.The tieflings and the druids were defeated. It's unlikely Halsin will help us now.With the grove's fate decided, Halsin has joined us as we embark for Moonrise Towers. There, we may discover more about our infection.Halsin can't cure us, but he'll accompany us to Moonrise Towers, where he believes answers lie.We left the area without seeing if the druid Halsin could help us.  

 How to unlock Rescue the Druid Halsin : Rescue the Druid Halsin is a subquest for Find a Cure  

Rescue the Druid Halsin Rewards : Rewards  

Rescue the Druid Halsin Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here    