Rescue Orin's Victim : Rescue Orin's Victim is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Rescue Orin's Victim can be acquired during Act 3 and it is a branching subquest for the main questline Get Orin's Netherstone. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Rescue Orin's Victim Objectives : Orin abducted Lae'zel. She told us that she'll release her if we kill Gortash.Orin abducted Lae'zel. She told us that she'll release her if we kill Gortash.Orin abducted Gale. She told us that she'll release him if we kill Gortash.Orin abducted Minthara. She told us that she'll release her if we kill Gortash.Orin abducted Yenna. She told us that she'll release her if we kill Gortash. We refused Orin's deal to kill Gortash. There must be another way to save her victim - assuming they're still alive. We should find out where she took them. We defeated a Steel Watcher - Gortash now has one fewer mechanical lackeys protecting him. Investigating the Steel Watch may be a good approach. We found a letter from Orin explaining that striking down Gortash will be difficult with the Steel Watch protecting him. We should find the Steel Watch Foundry and take it down. Hopefully the abductee is still safe. We destroyed the Steel Watch Foundry as Orin instructed. She seems to enjoy infiltrating our camp and leaving messages for us there - maybe that's where we'll find further instructions. With the Steel Watch destroyed and Gortash vulnerable, Orin left us a message with a clear directive: kill Gortash. Gortash is dead. Orin will surely have left another note for us at camp after learning this. Orin left us a note congratulating us for killing Gortash. Her abductee is thankfully still alive. Before we can seek Orin in the Temple of Bhaal and rescue the victim, she demands that we submit to trial in something called the Murder Tribunal. We were anointed Unholy Assassin at the Murder Tribunal, gaining access to the Temple of Bhaal. We need to find Orin there if we are to rescue her victim in time.We now know how to gain access to the Temple of Bhaal, but Orin won't be happy that we dismantled the Murder Tribunal. We must reach the Temple and rescue her victim before she learns this.We found Orin's victim tied to an altar. We should be careful as we approach. With Orin defeated, we can finally see if her victim is all right. We failed to save Orin's victim from her clutches.Orin's victim is safe and sound back at camp.  

Rescue Orin's Victim Walkthrough : During Act 3, Orin will kidnap one of your companions (or Yenna) under various circumstances. The easiest trigger be exploring the city sewers.The following companions may be kidnaped by Orin: Lae'zel Gale Halsin Minthara Yenna .Lae'zel.Gale.Halsin.Minthara.Yenna.Orin's kdinap can be triggered during long rest, If Lae'zel is targeted, "she" claims Yenna is the shapeshifer and threats to kill her, before reveal herself to be Orin. If Gale is targeted, Orin transformed into him and threats to explode the orb and wipe out Baldur's Gate for the good of all. If Yenna is personated by Orin, she will kill Grub and cooked into the skewers.Orin's kidnap can also be triggeres during exploring the City Sewers, she can only kidnap someone who is not currently in your team. If you do not want to trigger the kidnap, avoid getting close to Undercity Ruins waypoint and the exit leads to Guildhall.Orin demands you kill Gortash (Get Gortash's Netherstone), if you don't want to face Gortash first, you can enter Murder Tribunal (Under Candulhallow's Tombstones, you can learn the clues from Investigate the Murders) and get the Amulet of Bhaal.In order to enter the Murder Tribunal, remove the Painting "Buttefly on Skull" in Candulhallow's Tombstones, then press the button.You need to hand in bag of hands from Dolor (Investigate the Murders) or the hand of Gortash to gain entry to Murder Tribunal. Or you can fight That Which Guards.In the Murder Tribunal, you will face Sarevok Anchev (Final Boss of BG1 and a Child of Bhaal), Echo of Sendai (Drow Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB ), Echo of Illasera (Bhaalspawn, boss of BG2:TOB) and the Echo of Amelyssan (final boss of BG2:TOB). Either prove to them you are a holy assassin of Bhaal by killing hollyphant investigator, Valeria. (And Minsc and Jaheira if they are with you.) Or defeat Sarevok (Lv 16 fighter). With Amulet of Bhaal, open the gate to Bhaal's Temple (east to Undercity Ruins). You must defeat mutiple Bhaalist before reaching the temple proper.Orin await you in the Centre of Bhaal's Temple, but before confronting her, you can sneak into her chamber and find the corpse of Orin's mother. Use Speak with Dead to Orin's mother can unlock more dialogue option with Orin and save the kidnap victim without intimidation or persuasion checks.Orin threats to kill her victim, either tell her "Like the salvation your mother offered?" or pass the intimidation (DC 25) or persuasion (DC 25) checks to save the victim.Orin will transform into Slayer form during the fight, defeat her to get her Netherstone, Bloodthirst and Crimson Mischief.  

 How to unlock Rescue Orin's Victim : Orin, Act 3  

Rescue Orin's Victim Rewards : Rewards  

Rescue Orin's Victim Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  