Resolve the Abduction : Resolve the Abduction is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Resolve the Abduction can be acquired during Act II and has the player clear the Last Light Inn of Enemies after First Marcus abducts Isobel. Resolve the Abduction is a branching subquest for the main questline Infiltrate Moonrise Towers. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Resolve the Abduction Objectives : Z'rell ordered us to kidnap Isobel, a cleric hiding out at Last Light Inn. An agent of the Absolute is there, keeping close watch on her. Marcus, a True Soul who has infiltrated Last Light, told us that his powerful master demands that the cleric Isobel be taken to Moonrise Towers alive. If we do this, Last Light will no longer be protected from the shadow curse.A winged Flaming Fist who serves the Absolute swooped in to try and abduct Isobel. We decided to side with him.Z'rell asked us to return to Last Light and help Marcus kidnap Isobel. If we do this, we will gain an audience with Ketheric. A winged Flaming Fist who serves the Absolute swooped in to try and abduct Isobel. We decided to help Isobel fight him off.We refused to help Marcus abduct Isobel, and instead helped her fight him off.We attacked Marcus after he told us about his plan to abduct Isobel.We warned Jaheira about Marcus' plan to abduct Isobel. We should help her terminate Marcus before he can carry out his plan. We helped Marcus abduct Isobel, and she was carried off to Moonrise Towers. Z'rell will be pleased. We helped Marcus abduct Isobel, and she was carried off to Moonrise Towers. This should earn us an audience with Ketheric. We prevented Marcus from abducting Isobel. Why would the cult want her alive?.We weren't able to save Isobel from Marcus, the True Soul who infiltrated Last Light. When she was captured, the shield protecting Last Light collapsed.We helped Marcus abduct Isobel and carry her off to Moonrise Towers.When we killed Nightsong, Last Light fell to the shadow curse. Isobel died in the subsequent battle.We angered the denizens of Moonrise Towers; it seems unlikely that anyone there will still want to reward us for abducting Isobel.We freed Nightsong, and Moonrise Towers is now under attack. It is unlikely we will be welcomed there.We reported back on Isobel's kidnapping to Ketheric himself.We reported back on Isobel's kidnapping. Z'rell has granted us an audience with Ketheric.  

Resolve the Abduction Walkthrough : Walkthrough  

 How to unlock Resolve the Abduction : Location: Last Light Inn.Resolve the Abduction is a subquest for the primary Main Quest: Infiltrate Moonrise Towers  

Resolve the Abduction Rewards : Rewards  

Resolve the Abduction Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  