Return the Locket : Return the Locket is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Return the Locket can be acquired during Act 1 and begins in Druid Grove. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earning more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Return the Locket Objectives : Retrieve the stolen locket. .Return the stolen locket.
 

Return the Locket Walkthrough : When your team first enters the Hollow (near X:167 Y:542), you find the Tiefling kid Meli stealing a locket from Barth. .If you don't intervene, Barth will eventually attack Meli and be dragged away by the guards..You can intervene by speaking to Barth or Meli. If you side with Meli, he will escape. If you side with Barth, you can use INTIMIDATION or persuasion (DC5) to make Meli return the locket..You can also ask Meli why he steal the locket. He will admit that it reminded him of his deceased mother. Barth will gift the locket to Meli..Alternatively, you can steal the locket back from Meli and return it to Barth. If Meli already escaped, you can find the locket in a thief's chest inside the Tiefling hideout. You can steal it back and give to Barth.
 

 How to unlock Return the Locket : Meet Barth and Meli in the Hollow.
 

Return the Locket Rewards : 15 XP, 6-7 gold to each party member, favor of some persons from a party, for example, Shadowheart. Wyll doesn't.
 

Return the Locket Notes & Tips : You must start the cutscene near X:167 Y:542, The Hollow, where Tefling Meli is stealing something from Barth. .After you have options, be careful; now, the quest seems broken. So, do exactly what is written below. Or you will ruin the quest. Use Save/Load..When you speak with somebody (with the thief Meli or Barth) by one person, you can decide whether to help the boy or not with the Locket. The best option is to help the boy and get +25 XP and rude Barth. You won't get in the Quest Journal information about this quest, cause when you speak with Barth - he is angry..Option №1 When you see the cutscene before the boy leaves this place - you can steal another person this Locket back only from Potion of Invisibility or Magic Invisibility and, after the cutscene, return it to Barth. But the "return Locker" option will be only if you speak by the person who started to speak in the first cutscene. In this dialog, you can figure out the secret of this Locket..Option №2 You don't steal back Locker. And see, just running Meli. When next time you are in Thiefling Hideout, you will be the hero there cause you helped Thiefling Meli if you have chosen that scenario. If you speak with Meli through the person you helped in dialog with Barth - you will get the option: TELL ME THE TRUTH. THAT ANDENTURE'S LOCKET - DO YOU HAVE IT? But Meli won't give you back. The locket is near, in Thief's Stash. And only when you find your locker inside Stash and get it - Quest will be able in your Journal. You back to Barth and return it to the person who started to speak in the first cutscene..Option №3 You try to steal Locker and have not succeeded. The cutscene is interrupted. And you see, just running Meli again, and at that moment, you see the quest in your journal and get +15 XP. Very strange. Only now do you have additional options for dialog with Barth in the quest to get back the Locker cause you didn't defend a boy, and you didn't help to return the Locker in a peaceful way. When next time you are in Thiefling Hideout, you will not be the hero there cause you didn't help Thiefling. The locket is near, in Thief's Stash, as before. And when you find your locker inside Stash and get it - you will have an update in Quest Journal. You back to Barth and return it to the person who started to speak in the first cutscene..Option №4 You steal Locker before you start to speak with them. You will have an option in a dialog like "I was more deft. Take your Locker." You will get +15 XP.
 The problem is that you don't have comprehension that you have this quest in normal ways. 
Notes & tips go here.
 

