Save Hope : Save Hope is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save Hope can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Save Hope Objectives : We met a strange spirit imprisoned in Raphael's home - named Hope, oddly enough. She mentioned an important hammer before disappearing abruptly. We should keep searching the House of Hope.
 

Save Hope Walkthrough : Find Heisik in Devil's Fee, give her the money, or persuade her to hand you the ritual to open the portal to the House of Hope. (Alternatively, you can steal the ingredients and sneak into the 2nd floor by yourself.). (How to open the portal to House of Hope) .When you reached the House of Hope, you need to find the Orphic Hammer in Archive. (There is another side quest in this area, Save Hope).There's an Inert Infernal Gem on a wall. Pass the DC10 Wisdom and DC20 Intelligence checks to reveal a hidden Door. Inside, you'll find the Helldusk Helmet (very rare), and Staff of Spellpower (very rare). You'll also spot Mol's Contract and Tav's Contract if you accept Raphael's offer..Upon reaching the western portion of the House of Hope, use the hatch to enter the dungeon. Hope will tell you about the Archivist. Pass the skill checks here to learn that the Archivist is afraid of Zariel's inquisitor, Verillius Receptor. This gives you a dialogue option to pretend as the inquisitor, which means the Archivist won't bother you..Talk to the Archivist to get an invitation to enter the Boudoir. You can now pass through the Mystic Force Curtain. The pool inside can reinvigorate the team (work as long rest). .You can let Haarlep take your body as a disguise, or simply fight him to take the key. Open the safe behind a painting to the left of the bed with the key to find the words that you need to get Orphic Hammer..Once you get the Hammer, the devils in House of Hope turn hostile. (Be careful when enemies die, they burst into flame. You can use the pool in Boudoir to reinvigorate your team. ) Run to Hope's dungeon to free her with the hammer..When you reach the entrance chamber, make your team combat-ready to face Rapheal..You can pass a DC30 Persuasion check, to convince Yugir to betray Raphael and fights with you (Yugir is also a potential ally in Gather your Allies)..Rapheal has 666 HP and is enhanced by the Soul Pillars. However, he has very low WIS so OTTO'S IRRESISTIBLE DANCE, Hold Monsters and Tasha's Hideous Laughter work great. Raphael turns into his devil form when he's 60% HP or lower, granting him more melee attacks..Defeat Rapheal rewards Gloves of Soul Catching and Helldusk Armour.
 

 How to unlock Save Hope : Enter the House of Hope 
 

Save Hope Rewards : Gloves of Soul Catching (If Raphael is defeated.)
 

Save Hope Notes & Tips : Prepare a fight with Raphael, It is recommended that you prepare two Divine Interventions: Sunder the Heretical during the battle, with the first one cast from your party member, and the second cast from Hope herself.
 

