Save Arabella : Save Arabella is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save Arabella can be acquired during Chapter One of the first Act. Completing  Save Arabella will progress the story forward.   

Save Arabella Objectives : We learned that a child named Arabella is being held by Druids on charges of theft. We should check on her. We found Arabella in the druids' lair. She's being judged by Kagha, leader of the druids, and is clearly in trouble. Kagha's snake killed Arabella. Her parents should be informed.We told Arabella's parents what happened. They were devastated.  

Save Arabella Walkthrough : Simply talk to Kagha and talk her out of the idea of punishing Arabella. (Nature 19, or Persuasion 16).You will be rewarded with an uncommon amulet if you saved Arabella.Alternatively, you can investigate Kagha, and confront her later.In the enclave, you can find Kagha's Chest. There's a letter that proves she is working with shadow druid.Travel to the southeast corner of Sunlit Wetlands. There are some Wood Woad and Ancient Mud Mephit.If you passed a hidden perception check, you will notice a crevice on the tree. Inside it, you find proof that Kagha is working with Shadow druids. .Return to Kagha and confront her, the three rats in Emerald Grove will transform into shadow druids. if you passed persuasion checks (15 and 5) or Religion checks, she will help you fight the shadow druids.Either way, once you defeat the shadow druids, the problem is solved.In Act 2, you will meet Arabella again in Reithwin Town, Help her find her parents (Dead, in Healing House) gives you a special spell Arabella's Shadow Entangle. .If you let Arabella take the withers' advice, you will meet her again in the Sewers of Lower City (near X-147, Y769).  

 How to unlock Save Arabella : Druid Grove  

Save Arabella Rewards : Cherished Locket  

Save Arabella Related Backgrounds : The following Backgrounds are related to this Quest: If you Save Arabella from Kagha and her serpent you will complete one of objectives for the Urchin background called Not on My Watch.  

Save Arabella Notes & Tips : Saving Arabella make it easier to befriend Mol, who can be found in Tiefling Hideout.If you saved her in Act 1, you can recruit her to your camp at Rethiwin graveyard.   