Save Mayrina : Save Mayrina is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save Mayrina can be acquired during ACT 1. Completing Save Mayrina will progress the story forward.   

Baldur's Gate 3 Save Mayrina Objectives : Two brothers said that their sister Mayrina is being held against her will at Ethel's house - something that the old woman denied.After Auntie Ethel vanished, the two brothers set off after her - determined to find their sister Mayrina. Something isn't right here.We saw through the illusion that hid the area, revealing a stinking, nightmarish place. Auntie Ethel waved her hand and Mayrina vanished. What happened to her?.The fireplace revealed ahidden passage under Auntie Ethel's home - leading to a dark, twisted lair. We found Auntie Ethel in the heart of her lair. She's furious with us. We're in for a fight. We persuaded Auntie Ethel to both give us the great power and release Mayrina. We saved Mayrina, but she was in a bad way. She left to say goodbye to her husband at his grave - perhaps we can help her somehow? We found a wand with Connor's name on it. Could this resurrect Mayrina's husband? Determined to find a cure, Mayrina and Connor left for Baldur's Gate. Who knows if we'll ever see them again?  

How to unlock Save Mayrina : Approach Auntie Ethel, Johl, and Demir in the Sunlit Wetlands at (X:50, Y:314).  

Save Mayrina Rewards : Bitter Divorce  

Save Mayrina Walkthrough : If you enter the Sunlit Wetlands at (X:50, Y:314) through the Forest, you'll notice two men arguing with an elderly lady. When you approach them, you'll enter a cutscene with Auntie Ethel, Johl, and Demir. The two men are brothers of a pregnant widow called Mayrina and accuse Auntie Ethel of having kidnapped her. You can intervene and ask what's going on or ask the brothers to lower their weapons. Afterwards, you'll get the following prompts: I won't let you hurt Auntie Ethel.I'm not getting involved.Ethel, what did you do to their sister? If you choose the third option, Auntie Ethel's ruse will drop and she'll disappear and Karlach will approve. You can ask the two men what's going on, but even if you offer to help them, which Lae'zel and Shadowheart disapprove of but Gale, Karlach and Wyll will approve of, Johl won't trust you enough to allow you to help. If you're a Wizard you get the extra option to warn the hags are powerful creatures, then you can suggest that more experienced people take care of it, Astarion, Lae'zel, Shadowheart will approve, while Wyll will disapprove. This interaction with Auntie Ethel and the two men will start the Save Mayrina Quest. Head west to reach the Riverside Teahouse Waypoint, then continue west from the waypoint to reach the Gnarled Teahouse. As soon as you enter, you'll trigger a cutscene with Auntie Ethel and Mayrina. If you sold Auntie Ethel out during your conversation with Johl and Demir earlier in the Sunlit Wetlands, she will acknowledge it and demand that you apologize. You can refuse to apologise, feign ignorance, or attack her. If you outright refuse to apologize, your second set of choices will look like this: That's Mayrina? Where are her brothers?.The lady doesn't seem to be enjoying her dinner.Do you treat all your guests so poorly?.You said you had something for the parasite? If you pick the first option Mayrina will pipe up at the mention of her brothers. You can then follow up the question and ask Auntie Ethel once again where her brothers are after she dodges the question. She'll answer that they're at a farm north of Baldur's Gate, then change the topic to the Illithid parasite. You can find some choice consequences for this part of the conversation on the Sunlit Wetlands page, but for the most part this will not affect the Save Mayrina quest. Whether you agreed to the deal or not, Auntie Ethel dismisses Mayrina and teleports her out of the room. If you approach the fireplace, your party will roll automatic Investigation Checks. Anyone who succeeds will notice that the fireplace isn't real and that you can walk through it. Walk into the Fireplace and down the Wooden Steps to reach the Overgrown Tunnel. When you make it through, Auntie Ethel will appear before you in her true form and demand that you leave. If you choose any of the dialogue option besides the one saying that you'll leave, she'll reveal that she's planning to eat Mayrina tonight and disappear.  You can roam around the area and interact with the various items and skulls here to learn the fates of Auntie Ethel's previous victims. If you head further in to the southeast, you'll trigger a cutscene when you approach the face-looking door. You can ask it what happened the last time it opened and it will show you flashbacks of it's previous experiences. If you insist on going through the door, your character will roll an automatic Arcana Check. Pass, and you'll notice that the door is transparent. You will then have the following dialogue options: I can see through you. I can just walk right in.[INTIMIDATION] Open up, or I'll burn you to ashes.[PERSUASION] If I kill the hag, you'll be free.Leave. The door will show you another vision begging you not to go through is you choose the first option. Before you head through, you can find a Whispering Mask on the floor to the right of the door. If you failed your checks earlier, you can equip this mask to gain passage through the door. Do note that while wearing this mask, you will be controlled by Auntie Ethel. You can cast Protection from Evil and Good before, or shortly after equipping the mask to prevent the hag from taking control off whoever is wearing the mask. You can also speak to Lorin found to the left of the door. If you ask him if he's alright, your character will roll an Arcana Check, which if they pass, will make them realise that the elf is under an illusion. The dialogue choices you have when speaking to him does not seem to matter much as he continues to think you are a threat to him, but during the last set of choices, if you choose to take a deep breath - and ROAR, you will gain approval from Astarion and Shadowheart. Head through the door, moving your camera behind it and clicking into the void for your character to move past the door. As you head deeper into this area, you'll find and be forced into combat against several Hag's Pawns and get a tutorial on Non-Lethal Attacks. Knock out all the pawns in the area and you'll be able to loot their bodies. Don't loot their Whispering Masks, however, as this kills them. Alternatively, if you're wearing the Whispering Mask when you encounter the four pawns, they won't be hostile towards you and will let you pass peacefully. Continue forward, and you'll eventually make it to a waterfall. Jump into the waterfall to get to a cavern filled with noxious fumes and traps. To get through relatively safely, Jump over to the edge of vine bridge in front of you, then jump down the the lower platform that's lit up with a torch. Walk down to the next vine bridge, scaling down the eastern edge. Disarming the vent ahead will stop remove the Noxious Fumes, however, you will have to pass a DC 30 Sleight of Hand Check to disarm the trap. Continue west to reach the Ancient Abode. Once you enter, your party will roll automatic Perception Checks. Anyone who succeeds will know that there is an ambush waiting. Approach the cage in the middle of the room, and you'll start the fight against Auntie Ethel. She sets Mayrina's cage on fire, so you'll have to be quick. At the start of the encounter, Ethel will spawn 3 clones of herself. Dealing a little bit of damage to a clone will destroy it. You can tell which one is the real Ethel as only the real on can be debuffed. Magic Missile is a great way to quickly get rid of her clones. You do not have to kill Auntie Ethel to finish the fight - take her to low health and she'll surrender, offering you power. You can demand both Mayrina and Auntie Ethel's Hair through a DC 20 Intimidation Check, after which Auntie Ethel frees Mayrina and disappears. Alternatively, you can simply kill Auntie Ethel even after she surrenders. Though you've saved Mayrina, she becomes furious that you've broken the deal between her and Auntie Ethel to bring her husband back and storms off. Head to the northwestern part of the room and through the door to reach the Acrid Workshop. There are two chests in this room, one containing multiple Scrolls, the other multiple Rings. You can also find several custom potions on a shelf in the right of the room. Make sure to pick up The Ever-Seeing Eye, Bitter Divorce, and the Staff of Crones from the table. If you read the description for Bitter Divorce, you'll see that it has something to do with Connor, Mayrina's husband. You can then leave the Gnarled Teahouse by stepping into the glowing teleporter at the other side of the room.  You'll end up back outside in the southwestern part of Putrid Bog at (X:-72, Y:210). You'll find Mayrina here crying by her husband's coffin. Speak to her to get the following choices: I found a wand - I think I can resurrect your husband.Are you alright?.You could just leave him here.Whining won't get you there any faster.Stand with her in silence.Leave her to mourn. You can try to comfort her through options two and five, but unless you tell her about the wand through the first option, Save Mayrina will not end. If you use the wand on Connor, he will get resurrected as a Zombie. You can then choose to keep the wand and it's 'resurrection powers' or give the wand to Mayrina, who'll find a way to restore her husband fully. Either way, the quest will end here. If you give the wand to Mayrina, Gale and Wyll will approve. (Warning: Giving Mayrina the wand will break a Paladin's Oath, if they chose the Oath of the Ancients.)  

Save Mayrina Notes & Tips : The Sunlit Wetlands is a creepy place; at first glance, it's peaceful and full of sunshine. But once you talk to a sheep, and succeed in Animal Handling Check, you will realize that everything around you is an illusion. The real Sunlit Wetlands are rotten and decaying, and the sheep are actually bloodthirsty red caps. If you have Potion of Animal Speaking (can find one in hag's teahouse), you can talk to Addled Frog, and learn some info about Auntie Ethel. Return to her when you killed the hag for her present.If you tell Mayrina that Ethel killed her brothers, Mayrina will call off the deal and initiate the fight in the main room of the teahouse.You may place your character on the second level of the house and sneak attack the hag (Also, try put some chests and other objects to block the staircase, that won't trigger the fight. You can even build yourself a bunker and shoot enemies safely.). Once the fight starts, all the red caps will also rush here to protect their mistress. Use pushing attacks and Grease spell to make sure no one can reach you.The old Hag will escape when she lost more than half the health. You need to follow her through the fireplace. (Theoretically, you can prevent auntie Ethel from escaping if you cast silence and block her movement with your party. If you killed her here, then all her minions will turn friendly.) (Portal to Ancient Abode).The Overgrown Tunnel is filled with poison and explosive plants past the waterfall. The poison is an illusion, which you will be able to see, if you are still wearing the Whispering Mask. If you can spot gas pits cover them with something heavy. This makes it easier for left behind party members, which have no protection Spell. Or run through this area, or burn the poison then put out the fire with water. (Shadowheart has a spell to create water) You may cast Feather Fall on Lae'zel and use her special jump skill to pass most of the poison clouds. There are two exits in this Area. One (at a higher point, where you need to jump on a ledge, which leads to a Room with an Illusion-Rock (You will be able to see through the illusion while wearing the Mask) which leads to the Underdark area. The other exit at the bottom leads to the Ancient Abode where you need to go next.(Inside Overgrown Tunnel, there's a hidden portal that can teleport you to Underdark.).If you want to avoid the event where Ethel puts the cage on fire, you can sneak in the room and get in reach to cast mage hand, which can trigger the interruptor to free her, and is invisible, which won't trigger the fight yet. Rogues with the Eldritch scoundrel are perfect for this trick.You will meet Mayrina again later in Old Galow's Place (X-52, Y-148), Baldur's Gate Lower City. This time she was turned into a sheep by Hag, you can free her by using Remove Curse spell.After saving Mayrina and defeating Jatlo, take the book in the safe, it tells you how to properly kill a hag. (Quest Help the Hag Survivors)  

Fun / Trivia: : After defeating the hag, you can go back through the fireplace, where you can talk to: Efrin (Dwarf) with some different results Lorin (Elf) to learn a bit more about your Parasite You can talk to the 4 of Ethel's pawns (while wearing the Mask) The Halfling-Woman (Mask of Regret) will talk to you as soon as you get close by. You can learn something more about the hag here and she has some more dialogue options. The Deepling (Mask of Slavery) does not believes that she is wearing a mask, or that the hag is dead. The Human (Mask of Dread) tells you, that the hag can not Die, after you tell him she is dead. The Drow-Half-Elf (Mask of Revenge) will attack you, as soon as you chose any dialogue option. The other three will join the fight, so best not to talk to her. .Efrin (Dwarf) with some different results.Lorin (Elf) to learn a bit more about your Parasite.You can talk to the 4 of Ethel's pawns (while wearing the Mask) The Halfling-Woman (Mask of Regret) will talk to you as soon as you get close by. You can learn something more about the hag here and she has some more dialogue options. The Deepling (Mask of Slavery) does not believes that she is wearing a mask, or that the hag is dead. The Human (Mask of Dread) tells you, that the hag can not Die, after you tell him she is dead. The Drow-Half-Elf (Mask of Revenge) will attack you, as soon as you chose any dialogue option. The other three will join the fight, so best not to talk to her. .The Halfling-Woman (Mask of Regret) will talk to you as soon as you get close by. You can learn something more about the hag here and she has some more dialogue options.The Deepling (Mask of Slavery) does not believes that she is wearing a mask, or that the hag is dead.The Human (Mask of Dread) tells you, that the hag can not Die, after you tell him she is dead.The Drow-Half-Elf (Mask of Revenge) will attack you, as soon as you chose any dialogue option. The other three will join the fight, so best not to talk to her.You can take the Head from Magron (Drow) to "Kill" her. There is some loot after taking the Head.You can destroy the Mirror (Calim). Doing so will afflict the attacking character with Bane as if from the spell until you complete a Long Rest. .Doing so will afflict the attacking character with Bane as if from the spell until you complete a Long Rest.You can use a Basilisk Potion on Efrin (Dwarf) before killing the hag wich leads to a dialogue and then kills him from his Bite. If you talk to him after killing the hag instead, he'll be cured and promise his debt won't be forgotten .If you talk to him after killing the hag instead, he'll be cured and promise his debt won't be forgotten.You can shoot the Cage where Mayrina is trapped in to make her fly  kind of.You can cast Speak With Dead on the hag after defeating her.Helping Mayrina revive her husband after dealing with the hag break the Oath of Ancients.  BUG  4.1.13622274  *SPOILER*It is possible to kill the hag before she takes the captive to her hideout. Using speak to the dead will reveal that she intends to eat the unborn to make it into a hag. EVEN if you go take Connors wand this part of the quest will lockup. Mayrina will sit at the table and call you a monster everytime which you can use to farm approval with Gale