Save Vanra : Duelist's Prerogative Amulet of Windrider Save Vanra is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save Vanra can be acquired during Act 3.    

Save Vanra Objectives : Investigate the Blushing Mermaid At Basilisk gate, we met a distraught Lora. She claimed her daughter Vanra is missing, and that she vanished when the pair were in The Blushing Mermaid. She begged us for help. The Blushing Mermaid bartender told us that Lora was behaving strangely - she even pulled a knife on him. The owner of the tavern, Captain Grisly, had to throw Lora out. We should speak to Captain Grisly about it. The cellar of The Blushing Mermaid looks just like a hag's lair. We need to speak to the owner, Captain Grisly, about this. .At Basilisk gate, we met a distraught Lora. She claimed her daughter Vanra is missing, and that she vanished when the pair were in The Blushing Mermaid. She begged us for help.The Blushing Mermaid bartender told us that Lora was behaving strangely - she even pulled a knife on him. The owner of the tavern, Captain Grisly, had to throw Lora out. We should speak to Captain Grisly about it.The cellar of The Blushing Mermaid looks just like a hag's lair. We need to speak to the owner, Captain Grisly, about this. .Find Auntie Ethel Captain Grisly transformed - into Auntie Ethel! She admitted to eating little Vanra alive as she intends to transform the girl into a hag. She fled, but not before claiming that if we kill her, we'll kill Vanra too. .Captain Grisly transformed - into Auntie Ethel! She admitted to eating little Vanra alive as she intends to transform the girl into a hag. She fled, but not before claiming that if we kill her, we'll kill Vanra too.Save Vanra before killing Auntie Ethel We found Auntie Ethel hiding in the Blushing Mermaid cellar. With the Hag's Bane, we can save Vanra. .We found Auntie Ethel hiding in the Blushing Mermaid cellar. With the Hag's Bane, we can save Vanra.Check on Vanra We threw the Hag's Bane at Auntie Ethel, and it worked. She vomited Vanra up. We should speak to Vanra. .We threw the Hag's Bane at Auntie Ethel, and it worked. She vomited Vanra up. We should speak to Vanra.Visit Lora and Vanra Vanra, shaken by what happened, could barely speak and ran away. She likely returned home to her mother. We should visit them. .Vanra, shaken by what happened, could barely speak and ran away. She likely returned home to her mother. We should visit them.Quest Completed! Lora was grateful to us for bringing her daughter home. She tanked us with a small token. .Lora was grateful to us for bringing her daughter home. She tanked us with a small token.  

Save Vanra Walkthrough : Get the quest from Lora (Flaming Fist barracks north of the Basilisk Gate.).Find the hag's bane recipe in the Old Garlow's Place - coincides with Avenge the Hag Survivors (Help the Hag Survivors).Brew the Hag's Bane (Dried Fey Flower and any Essence).Go to The Blushing Mermaid, talk to the bartender, and enter the cellar.In the cellar, jump up to where the coins are. You must pass a perception check to find the hidden entrance to the hag lair.The real captain and the crew are kept in Hag's lair as minions. If you want to keep them alive after the confrontation with Aunt Ethel, cast Protect from Good and Evil spell on one of your party members, wear the Whispering Mask, and walk past these minions. On the other side, you can lower the wall to let your whole team pass. .Go down the cellar, burn the mushrooms and fight Ethel, but make sure to throw the Hag's Bane on her so that she vomits up Vanra. Alternatively, you can use non-lethal attack to knock out Ethel then save Vanra.Turn in the quest for your reward  

 How to unlock Save Vanra : Meet Lora at Basilisk Gate 

Save Vanra Rewards : Duelist's Prerogative.Amulet of Windrider  

Save Vanra Notes & Tips : There is a bug that occasionally happens where the fake Captain Grisly (called Captain Grizly) spawns with 0/122 HP. When that happens, after she reveals herself as Ethel, there will be no follow-up dialogue triggering the event where she goes to the basement. Should this happen, heal her beforehand to any number above 0 and the dialogue will trigger. (She will still spawn with full health during the actual combat.).To make the final fight easier, destroy the mushrooms before the first time talking to her. Alternatively, destroy the mushroom closest to the entrance (across the small gap) by flying over to it before the combat dialogue. Keep in mind that all mushrooms must be destroyed before or during the battle to permanently kill Auntie. .Use a Hag's Bane to make her spit out Vanra, or alternatively, knock Auntie out rather than killing her.   