Save the Refugees : Save the Refugees is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save the Refugees can be acquired during Chapter One of the first Act. Completing  Save the Refugees will progress the story forward.   

Baldur's Gate 3 Save the Refugees Objectives : Rath believes that Halsin is the only one able to persuade Kagha to stop the ritual - and save the tieflings.
Kagha, leader of the Druids, ordered the tieflings to leavethe grove. Zevlor fears they won;t survive the road and asked us to intervene.
Kagha wants us to make the Tieflings leave - she fears the grove cannot support both of them and itself..We found a note involving Kagha. Something is going on in the grove. We should get to the bottom of it.
Kagha plans to seal the grove shut, while Zevlor won't leave until the roads are safe. We need to resolve this
The tieflings are safe - for now. But they still need to reach Baldur's Gate. That can't happen until the roads are safe from goblins.
 

 How to unlock Save the Refugees : Kagha.Zevlor
 

Save the Refugees Rewards : Rewards
 

Save the Refugees Walkthrough : There are multiple ways to complete this quest:

Defeat Kagha : After speaking with Kagha, speak with Zevlor and take on the task to kill Kagha. Go back and kill Kagha and a few druids. Rath and his wolf stay out of the fight. This fight is played out outside of the grove too, where the druids attack the Tiefling refugees, but are ultimately defeated.
 

Find out Kagha's secret : After speaking with Kagha, open her chest (somewhat hidden at the back of one of the rooms) - it's a white chest, so you don't have to worry about stealing from it.

You'll find a letter to Kagha, which adds a marker to your map, in the south-east corner of the Sunlit Wetlands/Putrid Bog (south-east of the Teahouse) in the Decrepit Sanctum. If you follow this pointer to (X:98, Y:237), you have a rather strong fight on your hands at the marked location. You'll find a group of level 4 Wood Woads and Ancient Mud Mephits. Next to the large tree base in the middle of this island, you'll find a Wooden Chest. To the left of the chest, walk through the Twisting Vines and approach the chopped down tree. Your character will automatically roll a Perception Check. If you succeed, you'll find a Wooden Crevice that contains the Letter to Kagha, revealing that Kagha wishes to hand over the Emerald Grove to the Shadow Druids.

After reading the message, return to the Emerald Grove and confront Khaga in her room past the Stone Door. Reveal to her that you know about her plan. A short cutscene will play, revealing that the 3 mice in her room were actually polymorphed Shadow Druids. When Rath asks what's going on, give him the letter you found in the Decrepit Sanctuary. An arguement will ensue and your next set of choices when speaking to Kahga will look like this:
[PERSUASION] The shadows won't save you - they'll corrupt you. Stop this, while you can..[DETECT THOUGHTS] Probe Kagha's mind..Take the grove - I won't stand in your way..You seem intent on forcing me to take your life. So be it.
If you try detecting her thoughts and fail, she will attack. If you succeed, you get the option to persuade her without rolling for persuation.If you choose the first option, you'll have to pass a DC 15 Persuasion Check. Succeed and your character will automatically roll an Insight Check. If you pass, you'll notice that your words seem to have reached Kagha, but she's still hesitating. You will then have to choose from another set of choices:
[WOOD ELF] Recite the frescoes you have read. Remind Kagha of the grove's legacy. .[RELIGION] I know these druids' ways. All they touch is fated to decay..[PERSUASION]You know I'm right. Don't let the shadows corrupt you..I tried reasoning with you. Looks like it'll take blood to settle this.
The first choice is avaliable if you're read the stone slates around the room. If you choose the third choice, the DC you'll have to beat is 10. If you succeed, Astarion will disapprove while Gale and Karlach will approve. Kagha will see reason and help you defeat the Shadow Druids.
A fight against the Shadow Druids will begin after the conversation is done. You will get help from Rath, his wolf and a few other druids, as well as Kagha if you managed to persuade her. Defeat them, then you can speak to Rath and Kagha for some extra dialogue about what happens next.
Return to Zevlor in the Secluded Chamber and tell him that Kagha's agreed to stop the ritual. He's grateful, but he asks for one more thing - to ensure that the roads are clear of the goblin threat to allow his people save passage to Baldur's Gate. If you simply agree without asking for compensation, Astarion will disapprove. The next thing to do is to travel to the Goblin Camp and clear them out.
 

Clear out the Goblin Camp : Kagha, the leader of the Druids decide to close the grove and expel all the Tiefling refugees. .If you saved the Goblin Sazza at makeshift prison (Quest Save the Goblin Sazza). The priestess wants you to help her open the gate of Druid Grove and slaughter all the refugees..The Goblin camp lies to the northwest of Blighted Village. To infiltrate the goblin camp, you can have goblin Sazza to vouch for you. (Quest Save the Goblin Sazza) Use the passage on the right of the front gate. (Use jump to reach there). Or, you can try to persuade the goblin garrison, by using the Deception (15)/ Nature (10) / Intimidation (15) skills and obey the goblin's commands..To enter the Shattered Sanctum peacefully, either uses the psionic power, or pass Deception (15) check..If you want to fight the goblins in camp, there is a spot that allows you to shoot them without worrying about retaliation. You can reach there through Mountain Pass..Halsin is imprisoned in Worg Pen, in the form of a bear. Defeat the goblins there to free him..To defeat the goblins, you need to kill all the goblin leaders. (Dror Ragzlin, Priestess Gut, and the drow Minthara). Or, you can side with them and help them raid the Druid Grove. When you fight the goblin leaders, try to use the high grounds to ambush them. (If you agree to let priestess Gut to heal you, she will move to an empty room alone. You can ambush her there.).To defeat the goblins at camp, you can add poison to this Booze Tub. But be careful, if you got caught, you will have to toast before them..If you decide to side with Goblins, talk to Minthara. (You can invite her to spend a night together at camp, after the quest is complete. Just like companions.) You need to reveal the location of Druid Grove to her, and open the gate for the raiders. (You can also steal the Druid artifact, so the Tieflings and Druids will fight each other. See Quest Steal the Sacred Idol).After you killed all the goblin leaders, you can leave the area through Underdark, or fast travel..You can find Absolute's Warboard (Uncommon Shield), Faithbreaker (Rare Martial hammer), Xyanyde (Rare melee weapon) on these goblin leaders..After you killed all the Goblin leaders, return to Druid and claim your reward. Ruth will give you a Rune of the Wolf. Use it to open the secret room in enclave library..Place the Wolf Rune, then activate all the runes will open the entrance to Hidden Vault. There you can find Sorrow (Rare 2-handed Melee Weapon), Robe of Summer (Rare Clothing) and Wyvern Poison (Rare potion, coat weapon)..Rest at camp, join the celebration if you helped the Tieflings. You can invite a companion of yours to spend the night together. Talk to Halsin the next day to complete this quest.
 

  : 

Save the Refugees Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

