Save the Gondians : Save the Gondians is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save the Gondians can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal.    

Save the Gondians Objectives : We met Zanner Toobin, leader of the Gondians constructing Steel Watchers. We agreed to free their families, kept hostage by Gortash, in exchange for the Steel Watch's destruction. The hostages' location is kept secret, but Zanner thinks there may be clues in the Foundry's lower levels. We must be careful not to be seen - or risk disaster.   

Save the Gondians Walkthrough : To free the Gondians, you need to infiltrate Iron Throne.You can only reach Iron Throne from Flymm Cargo. (Quest Save the Gondians and Avenge the Drowned will lead you to this location.)(Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.).You need to carefully select your team and spells for this location. Once you land on Iron Throne, you will have only 6 turns to extract as many prisoners as possible. Dimensional door, and Teleportation Circle spells are very helpful, as well as Potion of Speed.Omeluum is also kept here in the furthest corner. Send one of your tank teammate to rescue him, and draw the attention of Sahuagin. Omeluum has a special spell that can teleport himself and one extra back to the sub, so don't worry about the time.Escort duke Ravengard and Gondians to the sub, then talk to Zanner Toobin to complete the quest.If you come here before attending Gortash's coronation, Duke Ravengard will not be here. Wyrm's Rock Fortress will be a hostile area when you return, and you will get a quest update that Ravengard is dead when entering Wyrms Rock.If you completed the Githyanki egg quest in favor of the Society of Brilliance in Act 2, Omeluum will not be here.  

 How to unlock Save the Gondians : Quest Giver / Location  

Save the Gondians Rewards : Rewards  

Save the Gondians Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  