Save the Grymforge Gnomes : Save the Grymforge Gnomes is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Save the Grymforge Gnomes can be acquired during Act I. Completing  Save the Grymforge Gnomes will progress the story forward.   

Save the Grymforge Gnomes Objectives : Free the Deep Gnomes
We spoke to some gnome captives. Their leader Beldron is trapped in the cave-in, and their friend Philomeen ran off with some explosives..We found Philomeen — she wants nothing to do with the other deep gnomes. We should focus on helping the others.
Check on the survivors
We cleared the cave-in. We should check for survivors.
 

Save the Grymforge Gnomes Walkthrough : You can get this quest at Myconid colony. Save the wounded gnome (give her an antidote), to get BOOTS OF SPEED..Talk to Lunkbug or Barcus Wroot at the Dig site, in Grymforge. If you helped Thulla previously, you can tell her she sent you. You will learn about Philomeen, (You can also learn about her from Brithvar, but not her name), running away with smokepowder.If you manage to convince Lunkbug to talk, he tells you about Philomeen's escape and points her possible location on your map..Go to that location and obtain the Runepowder Vial from Philomeen. Return to the enslaved gnomes. If you don't fight Philomeen, she asks you to tell Laridda that she died..When you return to the dig site and blow the rubble open using the Runepowder Vial (or other explosives, see Find Explosives), True Soul Nere will emerge from the explosion, and not too pleased with the Deep Gnomes. You can interrupt him. (In the Cutscene, Nere kills the gnome girl Meerna. There's no way to save her, even if you engage Nere before he blast her into the lava, she will have no interaction and considered dead by other NPCs. ).After the confrontation, if you decided to save the Gnomes, Beldron will talk to you and tell you about the situation about their leader, Wulbren. .You will earn Rescue the Gnomes in Moonrise Towers. Unlike the rest of the Deep Gnomes, Barcus Wroot is going to save Wulbren, you can invite him to your camp, and he will accept..If you manage to save the gnomes, you can meet them again in Moonrise Towers prison in Act 2 and Angleiron's Cellar in Act 3.
 

 How to unlock Save the Grymforge Gnomes : You get this quest by talking to Lunkbug, one of the Deep Gnomes being overworked by Sergeant Thrinn at the Grymforge..If you saved Barcus Wroot at the Blighted Village, he can be found enslaved here, you can also get this Quest from him..You can also earn this quests by saving Thulla at the Myconid Circle..Keeping Barcus Wroot and other gnomes alive gives you good reputation among the Ironhand gnomes, in Act 3 you will be able to solve their conflicts with the Gondians and get more allies in final battle. (Gather your Allies)
 

Save the Grymforge Gnomes Rewards : You receive gold once you save Beldron. You can decide to decline the offering, stating that he and his people will find it more useful than you.
 

Save the Grymforge Gnomes Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

