Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse : Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse can be acquired during ACT II and it is a branching subquest for the main questline Infiltrate Moonrise Towers. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse Walkthrough : Walkthrough  

Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse Objectives : The shadow curse is even stronger in certain areas. We need to find a way to fend it off.A deadly curse plagues this land. One wrong step could kill us.A deadly curse plagues this land. One wrong step could kill us.A deadly shadow curse plagues this land. Nere had a Moonlantern to protect himself from it. We may need to find something similar if we want to survive.We met a drider who carries a Moonlantern that protects him from the shadow curse. If we get one for ourselves, we will be able to travel the deepest parts of the curse unharmed.One of our companions transformed into a cursed shadow-creature.We found a Moonlantern, a device that can protect us from the shadow curse. Unfortunately, it is broken beyond repair.A deadly shadow curse shrouds this land. Light is needed to protect us from the darkness.We found a note about cultists travelling through the deepest parts of the curse - unharmed. They must have some way to protect themselves. The owner of the note came from somewhere called Last Light. While travelling with cultists, they were attacked by the Harpers. We decided to help the Harpers, and fought against the cultists.The drider dropped his Moonlantern during the fight. It's ours now. We helped the Harpers defeat the cultists. We helped a group of Harpers who were attacked by shadows. They told us about a place nearby that is protected from the shadow curse.We learned of a safe haven in the shadow-cursed lands - Last Light Inn. We should pay it a visit.The Harpers took the Moonlantern, and asked us to meet them at Last Light. They want to introduce us to their leader. We reached Last Light Inn and met Jaheira, the leader of the Harpers. We should see what we can learn about traversing the shadow curse safely. Jaheira told us to speak to a cleric called Isobel for help traversing the shadow curse. Isobel protects Last Light from the shadow curse. Isobel granted us Selûne's divine blessing, which can protect us from all but the strongest areas of the shadow curse. Isobel said the cultists can traverse the shadow curse safely - even the deepest parts. Some Harpers are looking into it. We should meet them at the bridge outside Last Light. With Isobel gone, Last Light Inn is no longer protected from the shadow curse. The cultists have a lantern that protects them from the shadow curse. The Harpers can help us seize it in an ambush. We should meet them at the ambush site. We reached the ambush site. The cultists should be here soon. We found cultists bearing a powerful lantern. If we want the lantern, we need to handle the cultists first.The Harpers were defeated, but we might still find the cultists and the lantern at the ambush site.We found a note on one of the Harpers. It was orders from Jaheira to take out a group of cultists. We should investigate the ambush site. We attacked the convoy of Absolute cultists. We met a drider who carries a Moonlantern that protects him from the shadow curse. If we get one for ourselves, we will be able to travel the deepest parts of the curse unharmed. We betrayed the Harpers, and allied ourselves with the drider. We decided to join the cultists heading to Moonrise Towers. If we wish to travel without them, we will need to find a way to protect ourselves from the curse.We reached Moonrise Towers. However, if we wish to travel the shadow-cursed lands ourselves, we will need to find protection from the curse. Disciple Z'rell told us that Ketheric's advisor, a man called Balthazar, has a Moonlantern in his chambers. It will protect us from the deepest parts of shadow curse. The drider dropped the Moonlantern. Now's our chance to take it.We tricked the drider into giving us the Moonlantern and forced him into the darkness. The lantern is ours - as is its protection from the shadow curse.The Harpers died. We should retrieve the Moonlantern from them.We defeated the drider. We can take the Moonlantern and use it to traverse the deepest parts of the shadow curse. We claimed the drider's Moonlantern. We should now be protected from the shadow curse.We reached Last Light Inn and met the cleric Isobel. She gave us the Moonlantern from the drider we defeated. We should now be protected from even the deepest parts of shadow curse.We travelled through the shadow-cursed lands without finding our own Moonlantern.We found a Moonlantern. This will protect us from even the deepest parts of the curse.We found a Moonlantern. This will protect us from even the deepest parts of the curse.  

 How to unlock Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse : Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse is a subquest for the primary Main Quest: Infiltrate Moonrise Towers  

Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse Rewards : Rewards  

Seek Protection from the Shadow Curse Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  