Steal the Sacred Idol : NOTE: This quest is only available while the tieflings are under threat by the Rite of Thorns. Once you speak with Mol and accept the quest, you may then stop the Rite of Thorns and still completed the quest. SAVE MIRKON AND ARABELLA - Save Mirkon from the beach - Save Arabella from Kagha SPEAK WITH MOL - Find your way to the Dragon's Lair and speak with Mol to accept her quest. 

Steal the Sacred Idol Objectives : Steal the Idol
 

Steal the Sacred Idol Walkthrough : If you get caught by the druids, it will start a war between druid and outsiders..You can use SHADOW OF MENZOBERRANZAN's special ability to remained cloaked while stealing. (Acquired at Myconid colony). Or, you can simply put a chest next to the idol, put the idol in that chest, then add it to your inventory..If you wait after you solve the ritual issue with Kagha, it will become much easier to steal the idol. You can just walk up to the idol while hiding with a Dex character. Then move the idol out of the altar and enable turn base mode to pick it up then walk away.
 

 How to unlock Steal the Sacred Idol : Mol (Save the Tiefling from Investigate the Beach, then Doni will reveal the entrance to Tiefling Hideout.)
 

Steal the Sacred Idol Rewards : Ring of Protection
 

Steal the Sacred Idol Notes & Tips : The idol provides an aura of +1 animal handling +1 nature.NOTE: In order to get the ring, you have to give the idol to Mol before you kill 3 goblin leaders. Otherwise, he won't give you the ring anymore..After you give Mol the idol, you can buy or steal it back from him.. Ring of Protection can only be acquired by completing this quest. . If you steal the idol during Kagha’s Ritual of Thorns, it will trigger a civil war event in the grove . Killing the Goblin Camp leaders seems to cancel the quest. Mol will strangely still accept a stolen idol but no reward is given (feels like a bug). . Completing the Investigate Kagha quest will end the Ritual of Thorns early, defusing tensions and allowing the idol to be stolen with regular NPC theft reactions 
 

