Steal a Githyanki Egg : Steal a Githyanki Egg is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Steal a Githyanki Egg can be acquired during Act 2. Steal a Githyanki Egg is grouped together with the Gityanki Creche quests. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Steal a Githyanki Egg Objectives : Lady Esther has asked that we steal an egg from the githyanki. The Society of Brilliance want to incubate it, raise it, and soothe its so-called violent nature.
 

Steal a Githyanki Egg Walkthrough : Head to the Rosymorn Monastery Trail and then move along the main path onto a fork to activate the Trielta Crags Waypoint. Head northeast from here when the path splits. Keep going and then turn right at (X: -39, Y: -126) to find Lady Esther. If you speak to her she'll talk about how she was trying to buy an egg off of the Githyankis at the Creche. If you ask her why she wants to get a Githyanki egg, she'll explain that the Society of Brilliance wants to hatch one for their own and raise them to see if they'll still be as violent. She'll eventually ask you to get her an egg in exchange for compensation which will begin the Quest. If you talk to her again you can view her wares and buy them from her if you want..Giving her the egg causes all lodge members to die (killed by newborn Githyanki) in ACT 3. Blocking you from quest Retrieve Omeluum. (Needs confirmation).You can meet Ptaris (The grown-up githyanki) in The Lodge - Basement Docks. Fail to convince him that the Ptarian code was wrong causes a fight. Ptaris drop Unflinching Protector Amulet..You can also give her the Owlbear egg if you pass the checks..If you do not give the egg, you get the chance to give the egg to another lodge member in Lower City, Baldur's Gate.
 

How to unlock Steal a Githyanki Egg : Lady Esther/ Rosymorn Monastery Trail
 

Steal a Githyanki Egg Rewards : Rewards
 

Steal a Githyanki Egg Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

