Stop the Presses : Stop the Presses is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Stop the Presses can be acquired during Act 3.    

Stop the Presses Objectives : Talk to the editor of the Baldur's Mouth Gazette.Stop the Baldur's Mouth Gazette printing slander.Print a puff piece in the next broadsheet.Check the next edition of the Baldur's Mouth Gazette.  

Stop the Presses Walkthrough : Speak to Estra Stir (south of the Basilisk Gate in the Lower City), you learn that the party is the subject of the Baldur's Mouth Gazette's next issue - the juiciest one to date. .This is a time-sensitive quest, you need to complete it before long rest or your reputation is tarnished.To stop the press, you need to sneak into the basement of Baldur's Mouth. Either use Misty Step, Fly or Dimensional Door to reach the door or elevator. Or persuade/intimidate guards to let you pass.(To avoid being caught, you can jump onto the roof of Baldur's Mouth, break the barricade and jump to the elevator.).There are two steal watchers patrolling the basement. Hide your character and don't make any noise (like looting or stealing) near the steel watch to avoid getting caught. You can use turn-based mode to move your characters precisely. (Sneak pass the Steel Watchers in turn-based mode. Invisibility spell can also help.).Take the press template called Cutest Cat You've Ever Seen or "Make Big Money By Trading With Adventures" In the same room in the wicker basket. The latter one is about your good deeds and states that will give you a positive reputation and help with trading. .Other positive articles includes: Make Big Money by Trading with Adventurers (in a basket near X:-1029, Y:1058) Adventurers, Our Best Hope for the City (in a basket near X:-1029, Y:1013) Celebrate the Brave Heroes Who Slew General Ketheric (in a basket behind Ettvard) .Make Big Money by Trading with Adventurers (in a basket near X:-1029, Y:1058).Adventurers, Our Best Hope for the City (in a basket near X:-1029, Y:1013).Celebrate the Brave Heroes Who Slew General Ketheric (in a basket behind Ettvard).Other neutral articles are Hear the Finest Shanties at the Blushing Mermaid (X:43, Y:-60) and Graverobbers Spree (X:58, Y:-42). If you freed Dolly Dolly Dolly from the Moonlantern in Act 2, the press recognizes the party and offers to help. Otherwise, you need to persuad it. .Insert the "Make Big Money By Trading With Adventures" or "Cutest Cat You've Ever Seen" into the printing press to protect your reputation.As of patch 3, killing Ettvard also stops the negative articles being published.  

 How to unlock Stop the Presses : Lower City  

Stop the Presses Rewards : Possible discount form traders.  

Stop the Presses Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  