Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia : Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia can be acquired during Act 3. This quest can be obtained when you reach Baldur's Gate. All Baldur's Gate quests will be grouped together in your quest journal. It is a subquest for the Investigate the House of Grief quest and is a part of Shadowheart's Questline: Daughter of Darkness. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3, as well as earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia Objectives : Viconia asked that we surrender Shadowheart to her in exchange for her help defeating the Absolute..We told Shadowheart that Viconia asked us to surrender her to the cult. We should return to Viconia and face her..We withheld the truth from Shadowheart about what Viconia has planned for her. We should return to Viconia with Shadowheart. 
We surrendered Shadowheart to Viconia. We are now in alliance with Viconia..We decided to not surrender Shadowheart to Viconia..We wiped out the Sharran cult before Shadowheart could be surrendered to them..We did not have the time to conclude matters with Viconia. We must press on.
 

Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia Walkthrough : Proceed into the Cloister of Sombre Embrace inside the house of Grief to meet Viconia. You need to choose between Shadowheart or Sharran followers. You will have to make a choice here.
Defending Shadowheart leads to a fight with Viconia and Sharran disciples..Surrender Shadowheart and Lady Shar's faithful will join you in Gather Your Allies quest. 
Your dialogue will be the following:
She's all yours.Never.
Make a decision to complete the quest. This will also affect your progress for the Daughter of Darkness. 

 

 How to unlock Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia : This quest is activated at the House of Grief when you encounter Viconia.
 
 

Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia Rewards : Rewards
 

Surrender Shadowheart to Viconia Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

