The Githyanki Warrior : The Githyanki Warrior is a Companion Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Githyanki Warrior can be acquired from Lae'zel during Chapter One of the first Act. Completing  The Githyanki Warrior will progress Lae'zel story forward.   

The Githyanki Warrior Objectives : The githyanki warrior Lae'zel has joined our party, and promised we could be cleansed of our parasites at a Githyanki Créche. A tiefling named Zormu has seen other githyanki. We should find him and ask him what he knows. We spoke to Zorru. He told us he saw githyanki on the road to Baldur's Gate, near a mountain pass in the northwest. We should travel there with Lae'zel.A red dragon - the sort ridden by githyanki knights - passed us overhead as we travelled the Risen Road. The githyanki Zorru spoke of could be near. We found a group of githyanki, and Lae'zel ran ahead to speak with them. We should join her. The githyanki called Kith'rak Voss revealed that a Githyanki Créche was nestled in the mountains beyond the western bridge. We should travel there with Lae'zel. A pair of githyanki have escorted several cultists into the monastery. The entrance to their creche must be inside.We found evidence that the githyanki have established a créche in an abandoned monastery within the mountain pass. We should look for the entrance there. We've infiltrated the Githyanki Créche. We should locate the device used to cleanse the infected. The githyanki sentries directed us to the infirmary. We should take Lae'zel there: the cure to our tadpole awaits us. We have found the creche infirmary. We should speak to Ghustil Stornugoss about a cure. We told Ghustil Stornugoss about the parasites, and she's willing to help us. But first, we must sit in the zaith'isk. Instead of extracting Lae'zel's tadpole, the zaith'isk nearly killed her. We should talk with her about it. Lae'zel believes the zaith'isk was tampered with and is eager to inform the Inquisitor at the creche. We should escort her to him. Ch'r'ai W'wargaz demanded that we hand over the artefact. and attacked us when we tL., must defeat him. Ch'r'ai W'wargaz is defeated. We should examine his chamber for more information about the artefact that we carry. Queen Vlaakith appeared as a projection in the Inquisitor's chamber. She wants us to enter the artefact and slay a prisoner held inside it; Lae'zel has urged us to do as the queen has bidden.We entered the artefact. We must find the prisoner inside it. We discovered that the artefact's prisoner is the figure in our dreams. We cannot kill them without losing our protection against the Absolute's voice. We should enter the portal and return to the creche.

The Githyanki Warrior Walkthrough : You can save Lae'zel from some Tieflings at Ravaged Beach. (If she's not killed in the prologue).At Druid Grove, there's a tiefling has spotted the Githyanki patrol. (Let Lae'zel integrate him will gain some of her approval).Travel to Githyanki patrol's location through THE RISEN ROAD. However, these githyanki's will accuse you of stealing their sacred weapon and attack.After defeating the Githyankis, loot their bodies, you will find an Elaborate Plate. Use it to learn the location of Crèche.In Crèche Y'llek, you will learn that the Zaith'Isk in the githyanki infirmary can't actually cure tadpoles. (However, You can let your main character to use Zaith'Isk in the Githyanki infirmary and pass 3 checks to gain Awakened status. All of your Illithid Powers cost Bonus Action instead of Standard Action. Failed in checks cost your Constitution and Int score permanently.).Vlaakith, the queen of Githyankis demands you to kill your Dream Visitor. Whatever you choose, you still need to work with your dream visitor to stay alive.In Act 3, the true nature of the Dream Visitor is revealed. If you want to free Prince Orpheus, accept Raphael's offer or simply steal the hammer from House of Hope. (Free Orpheus) Help Kith'rak Voss also gives you the best sword for Laezel.In Confront the Elder Brain, side with Prince Orpheus and defeat the Elder Brain, Lae'zel will follow the prince to fight queen Vlaakith.  

 How to unlock The Githyanki Warrior : Lae'zel / Ravaged Beach  

The Githyanki Warrior Rewards : Rewards  

The Githyanki Warrior Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  