The Wizard of Waterdeep : The Wizard of Waterdeep is a Companion Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Wizard of Waterdeep can be acquired from Gale during Chapter One of the first Act. Completing  The Wizard of Waterdeep will progress Gale story forward.   

The Wizard of Waterdeep Objectives : A wizard named Gale joined the party. He claims to have been on the nautiloid - which means he's infected too. Gale told us he needed to consume the Weave from powerful magic items, or a great catastrophe would occur. While he does not need them yet, it's best to be prepared. We should keep any suitable items close at hand. Gale told us about his romance with the goddess Mystra, and how in his attempt to impress her, he unleashed the orb of highly volatile Weave now buried within his chest. Corrupted as it has been by Netherese magic, he's been keeping the orb stable by feeding it the Weave contained in powerful items.Gale told us about a strange 'condition' he has, one that is treated when he absorbs the Weave contained within potent magical artefacts. If we fail to treat this condition, he warns that the consequences could be catastrophic.The Idol of Silvanus contains enough Weave for Gale to use.The Amulet of Selûne is sufficiently magical to be of use to Gale.There's enough Weave in the Iron Flask to interest Gale.The Sword of Justice has enough Weave for Gale to consume.The Staff of Crones is powerful - there's enough Weave in it to interest Gale.The Night Walkers are brimming with magic - Gale would be interested.There's enough Weave in the Shadow of Menzoberranzan for Gale to use.The strange book we found - 'The Necromancy of Thay' - has enough Weave to interest Gale.We gave Gale a potent magical item, and he was able to absorb the Weave inside. His condition has stabilised, though he warned us that it is an ongoing struggle. We should be prepared for the next time the need arises.We gave Gale another magical item, but this time the Weave inside wasn't quite as effective at stabilising his condition. He seems only mildly concerned about that. For now, we should keep looking for any suitable items for the next time he calls on us.Gale's 'condition' has become unstable. He needs a powerful magic item in order to consume the Weave inside. We should offer him one as soon as we can.Gale's 'condition' has deteriorated once more. He requires us to procure him a third magical item.Gale's 'condition' has worsened again. He requires us to give him another magical item in order to absorb the Weave inside. Gale's condition is no longer responding to treatment. We need to keep travelling, and find another way to stabilise the orb. We met the great wizard Elminster, weary from his time on the road. He wanted to speak with Gale about an urgent matter. We should follow up on this in camp. Gale's mentor, the great wizard Elminster, sought him out in order to deliver a message from Mystra herself. She instructs him to find the 'Heart of the Absolute' and destroy it by detonating the orb. Elminster granted Gale a powerful spell in order to do this, and has stabilised to orb to grant him enough time to find it. This would be suicide for Gale. We need to learn more about this 'Heart', and how else it might be defeated. We found the Heart of the Absolute in the bowels of Moonrise Towers: a powerful elder brain, controlled by a Netherese crown of incredible power. Gale was convinced he shouldn't detonate the orb. In fact, he seemed more interested in the crown the brain was wearing .We found the Heart of the Absolute in the bowels of Moonrise Towers: a powerful elder brain, controlled by a Netherese crown of incredible power. Gale was not close enough to detonate the orb. Gale wants to learn more about the Netherese crown controlling the elder brain. In Baldur's Gate, there is a renowned magical emporium, Sorcerous Sundries, known for its collections of rare and valuable magical tomes. He wants us to go there and speak with their bookseller and find out if they have anything on Netherese magic.I spoke with the devil Raphael, who told me that he seeks a legendary Netherese artefact - the Crown of Karsus. Could this be the crown worn by the Elder Brain?.We found a book in Sorcerous Sundries referring to an ancient tome called 'The Annals of Karsus'. The book is hidden within the Sorcerous Sundries vault. We should see if the bookseller will grant us access. We spoke with the bookseller at Sorcerous Sundries, who mentioned an ancient tome called 'The Annals of Karsus.' This sounds like exactly the kind of book Gale was looking for.The bookseller in Sorcerous Sundries is in no position to help us scour their shelves. We'll need to track down any Netherese tomes here for ourselves. We gained access to Tolna's office. The entrance to the vault is somewhere inside. We need to work out how to open it.We persuaded Tolna to tell us how the Sorcerous Sundries vault can be accessed. The entrance is via her office, though she refused to grant us access. We need to find a way into her office.We found a note in Tolna's office regarding the Sorcerous Sundries vault. It sounds like the vault is protected by some invisible means. We should tread carefully. We gained access to the secure vaults at Sorcerous Sundries. We should explore the vault, and see if we can discover anything that might help Gale to learn more about the Netherese crown.We gained access to the Sorcerous Sundries vault via the secret portal in Tolna's office. We need to look around the vaults, and find out where the magical tomes she mentioned are stored.We were teleported to the Sorcerous Sundries vaults via a magical button in Ramazith's Tower. Now we need to find the Annals of Karsus.We found a note in Tolna's office regarding the Sorcerous Sundries vault. It sounds like the vault is protected by some invisible means. We should tread carefully. We found a strange note in the vaults of Sorcerous Sundries, purportedly written by the great wizard Ramazith himself. It seems to refer to the names of the doors guarding each vault.We found a note in Tolna's office regarding the Sorcerous Sundries vault. It sounds like the vault is protected by some invisible means. We should tread carefully. We recovered The Annals of Karsus from the vaults in Sorcerous Sundries. We need to show it to Gale, and see what he can learn about the crown. Gale read 'The Annals of Karsus' and discovered that they were no mere diary - they contained the original designs for the Crown of Karsus. Using this new knowledge, Gale could attempt to reforge the true crown, restoring it to its former powers. First, we need to bring the three Netherstones together. Elminster knew that we'd discovered the secret to forging the Crown of Karsus, and came to deliver a final summons from Mystra. Gale needs to go to her shrine in the Stormshore Tabernacle, where she will at last grant him an audience.  

The Wizard of Waterdeep Walkthrough : This quest begins when you recruit Gale into your party when you encounter him in Act 1 just before you reach Emerald Grove. As you make your way to Emerald Grove, continue heading south, then head west, you'll see an unstable rune on the wall (X:224 Y:324). Interact with it, you can then touch it or leave it be: Touch the sigil.Leave.  Choosing the first option will make your character try to touch the sigil, but then a slight shock would prevent you from doing so. An arm then extends out, asking for help. Your next set of choices will look like this: Who are you?.Slap the hand.[STRENGTH] Grab the hand and pull.[WARLOCK] [CHARISMA] Attune yourself to the sigil's magic, then bid it to quiet down.It's far too dangerous. Leave him to his fate The first two options can be chosen without affecting anything. Choices 3-5 are the ones that will affect the story. Choosing the third or fourth option will require you to pass a skill check in order to get him out of that portal.  After successfully pulling him out of the portal, he will introduce himself. This is Gale, a Human Wizard and a potential Companion. After the introduction, he says he remembers you from the Nautiloid. From here you will have three choices: I was, yes.Never mind the nautiloid. How did you get stuck in that stone?.You don't trust this man. Draw your weapon.  Choosing the first option will make him say that he assumes you were also infected with the parasite inside your brain. You can choose to extend the conversation or tell him it's none of his business. These are the options you have to choose from: Go on .Couldn't have phrased it more repellently myself.That's hardly any of your business. Choosing the first option will reveal that the process you and your current companions are going through is called Ceremorphosis, where after a certain period of time, the parasite that entered our brain will turn us into mind flayers. He then asks if you happen to be a cleric. You have these options to choose from: I was going to ask you the same question.Can't say that I am.[WARLOCK] My patron offers me many gifts, but tadpole extraction is not one of them. I can't cure our parasites. Choosing the third option will then make him say that you should look for a healer together. you have two choices here: Sounds like a plan. You're welcome to join me.No, thank you. I'm not looking for another travelling companion. Even if you choose the first option, Gale would not join you right away and says that you have plenty of company already. He says that he can join you later and meet you at your camp.  

Continue travelling with Gale.  : A wizard named Gale joined the party. He claims to have been on the nautiloid - which means he's infected too. After a few days of traveling with Gale, one night at camp he will explain his situation, and asks you to acquire uncommon magical items for him to consume.  

Prepare for Gale to request a magic item.  : Gale told us he needed to consume the Weave from powerful magic items, or a great catastrophe would occur. While he does not need them yet, it's best to be prepared. We should keep any suitable items close at hand. Your interaction with Gale will trigger a journal update. You can look out for things Gale might be interested in to trigger further updates.   

Treat Gale's condition.  : Gale told us about a strange 'condition' he has, one that is treated when he absorbs the Weave contained within potent magical artefacts. If we fail to treat this condition, he warns that the consequences could be catastrophic. Look out for the following items as you continue your journey:  Idol of Silvanus: Located in Druid Grove. You have to steal it before the Tieflings Depart the grove. It is a part of Steal the Sacred Idol quest.Amulet of Selune: Located in the interior of the goblin camp at Shattered Sanctum, walk up the stairs behind the throne of the leader, unlock the gate and it is in one of the chests.Iron Flask: The Risen Road, Zhentarin locked chest. (Note: This item is required intact for Find the Missing Shipment).Sword of Justice: Given by Anders, at The Risen Road (X:106 Y:561) and is related to the Hunt the Devil quest. .Staff of Crones: Can be found at Sunlit Wetlands, in the Hag treasure room.Night Walkers: Can be found at Grymforge; Dropped by: True Soul Nere.Shadow of Menzoberranzan: Located in the Underdark, Myconid Colony, Treasure room (X:50 Y:75).The Necromancy of Thay: Can be found at Blighted Village during Search the Cellar Quest On an altar behind a closed door related to the quest: Search the Cellar Obtaining these items and giving them to Gale will give you the following journal updates:  The Idol of Silvanus contains enough Weave for Gale to use.The Amulet of Selune is sufficiently magical to be of use to Gale.There's enough Weave in the Iron Flask to interest Gale.The Sword of Justice has enough Weave for Gale to consume.The Staff of Crones is powerful - there's enough Weave in it to interest Gale.The Night Walkers are brimming with magic - Gale would be interested.There's enough Weave in the Shadow of Menzoberranzan for Gale to use.The strange book we found - 'The Necromancy of Thay' - has enough Weave to interest Gale.    After you finished ACT 1, Elminster will visit you to give Gale a way to control his condition, and a quest from Mystra herself.    

The Alternate Ending in Mind Flayer Colony : NOTE: This is the alternate ending of Baldur's Gate 3- you may skip this section if you want a spoiler-free read. This event will take place in Mind Flayer Colony with the help of Gale. He will detonate the bomb to destroy the elder brain and those around him. Following this guide will complete The Wizard of Waterdeep quest in Baldur's Gate 3. A requirement for this is to have Gale as one of your companions upon entering the room of Mind Flayer Colony.  As your party descends deeper into the Mind Flayer Colony, your party will stop at a Flesh-Wrought Door. Just as you open the door, the Dream Visitor speaks to you again that you have found the root of it all. Your party will prepare for a fight but first, you must sneak inside as you see 3 figures in the middle of a conversation.   As the Dream Visitor speaks about the Elder Brain being the cruelest and most powerful creature in existence, Gale, who is standing behind you is in awe of so much power before him and how he wishes to hold it. However, he stops himself and says that he can't and must obey as his goddess commands. You, as the main character will hear this and will be prompted with two options: Gale, you cannot do this. You can't condemn us to death.Go ahead. We stand no chance against such forces. Let's end this together. If you choose the second option, he will then respond to you, "One last gust of Weave. One last gale to end them all". The Dream Visitor will disagree but Gale unleashes the bomb within him, the one that he's been keeping in check ever since your journey together began. The smoke begins to rise up from beneath the Moonrise Towers where the elder brain was destroyed. The bomb took everything within its powerful radius, however, the remaining tadpoles that had survived will now consume the minds of their host and complete their transformations, now that the control of the Absolute is gone. Soon, Illithids will plague the lands and enslave all those they do not infect. The narrator continues, "It is an ending of sorts. Though not the one destiny had in store for you."  

 How to unlock The Wizard of Waterdeep : Gale joins your party.  

The Wizard of Waterdeep Rewards : Rewards  

The Wizard of Waterdeep Notes & Tips : You can find Amulet of Selûne's Chosen at Shattered Sanctum (Quest Save the Refugees).You can find The Necromancy of Thay at Blighted Village (Quest Search the Cellar).You can find Idol of Silvanus at Druid Grove (Quest Steal the Sacred Idol).You can find Sword of Justice at The Risen Road (Quest Hunt the Devil).You can find Iron Flask at The Risen Road (Quest Find the Missing Shipment).You can find Staff of Crones at Sunlit Wetlands (Quest Save Mayrina).You can find Shadow of Menzoberranzan at Underdark (Quest Protect the Myconid Circle).You can find Disintegrating Night Walkers at the Grymforge (Quest Free True Soul Nere).Notes & tips go here  