The Urge : The Urge is a Companion Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Urge can be acquired from Dark Urge origin characters. The Dark Urge Page is also another source of information about the Dark Urge   

The Urge Objectives : Objective 1.Objective 2
 

The Urge Walkthrough : The Dark Urge has an impulse to maim and kill, and sometimes you can't control it..You gain "Split-Splatter" advantage when lobotomising Us..During your first interaction with Gale, Dark Urge can cut off his hand by selecting the "Fantasize about hacking off the hand." dialogue option..If you talk to the squirrel near the Druid Grove elevator, you will just kill it..If you inspired Alfira and let her stay at your camp, she will be dead at night. Scleritas Fel will appear after Alfira's death, and starts Dark Urge's personal quest The Urge..The Dark Urge can take advantage of Pandirna being secluded and paralyzed to murder her..The Dark Urge can choose to torture the bird that Nettie is curing..If side with goblins and romance Minthara, you can snap her neck after your character sleeps with her..When you find a Moonlantern to keep yourself protected in the Shadow-Cursed Lands, you'll realize that there's a pixie trapped inside. You can decide to crush her after she's freed..If you unleash your urge and kill Isobel the Cleric, the ward that protects Last Light Inn will fail. Killing everyone there and fail lots of quests..If you allow Shadowheart to kill Nightsong, the ward will also fail and kill Jaheira and Isobel the Cleric off-screen. This will count to satisfy the urge..If you fail to control your Slayer Form, you may kill your Lover..Other notes, tips, and trivia for The Dark Urge go here.
 

 How to unlock The Urge : Events are multiple and random. Instances will be listed as they go.
 

The Urge Rewards : The Deathstalker Mantle for killing Alfira..The Slayer Form for killing Isobel, The Cleric in the Last Light Inn.
 

The Urge Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here. When being Disguised/Shapeshifted, all exclusive Dialogue options of the Urge will not be shown.

