The Adamantine Forge : The Adamantine Forge is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Adamantine Forge can be acquired during Chapter One. Completing  The Adamantine Forge will progress the story forward.   

The Adamantine Forge Objectives : Find the Adamantine Forge. The Duergar are looking for an adamantine forge hidden in Grymforge. We should find it first.Clear the rubble. We found a passage buried in rubble that leads to the adamantine forge. We should clear it.Activate the Adamantine Forge: We found the Adamantine Forge. Now we need to figure out how to activate it.Defeat the Forge Protector: The protector of the forge appeared. We need to defeat it.Pick up the Forged Item: The protector has been defeated. Time to enjoy the fruits of our labour.  

The Adamantine Forge Walkthrough : After finding the Rubble at X: -672 Y: 443, you may talk to the Duergar and convince them to tell you what they are looking for. They will reveal that they are looking for the Adamantine Forge, which will unlock this quest, but you have to clear the Rubble to go on.  Despite what the Duergars say, you can actually jump / Misty Step from the area where Nere is trapped up to the area where the "Underdark - Ancient Forge" fast travel location is to unlock the entire area, bypassing the need to clear the rubble.   During the Free True Soul Nere quest you will have to also clear another path to free Nere which is also blocked by stone debris. You will have to make your way until you find Philomeen (X: -527 Y: 464), you will have to convince her not to blow everyone up. You can then convince her to give you a Runepowder Vial, or you can confront her and defeat her to also collect the entire Runepowder Barrel, or steal the Runepowder Barrel  while another character is in dialogue with her. Go back to the Rubble, throw the Vial on the Rubble and ignite it from a distance. This will open the path for your party on your quest to find the Adamantine Forge. You can also speak with animals and talk to the Ox to have them clear the rubble. As soon as you pass through the cleared rubble, you will find some Adamantine Slag while looting the area.   You must reach the upper area, cross the hanging bridges above pulling the levers. If one of your characters has the ability to teleport far enough, you may use that character to pull the levers (you can also shoot the levers to activate them). This character will be able to cross to the next area with this ability. The path may seem complicated, but there aren't any wrong ways, your characters should be able to gather again before the next battle. On your way to the forge, you should be on the look out for Moulds, they are easily noticeable when they are lying on the ground, but you should also loot every skeletons. There will be surprise attacks, so it is recommended to save your game and be prepared. The Forge can be found at [X: -569 Y: 252].   Follow the instructions of how to use the Forge down below.   The Grym will become present at the moment you pull the Lava Valve. The Grym has resistances and immunities to almost every type of damage except Bludgeoning (And can only be damaged when superheated). The best strategy to defeat the Grym, is to use the Forge itself: one of your characters (or two in case you don't want to wait many turns) should be positioned next to the lever that hammers the crucible when pulled. And the rest of your crew should work as bait, specially the one party member that pulls the lava valve, to make the Grym walk into the center, once the Grym is there, pull the lever and hammer them down.   

 How to unlock The Adamantine Forge : You will find a group of mad Duergar around Grymforge (X: -669 Y: 443), one of them, called Herdmaster Skarjall, will rudely ask you to cane the beasts to clear the path. If you convince him to tell you what are they looking for, he will tell you that they found Adamantine which cannot be mined, it's made, so they are trying to find the Adamantine Forge. This will unlock the quest.You can earn this quest even before setting foot on Grymforge. There are three drow that were seeking the forge. When you complete Protect the Myconid Circle, Spaw will let you enter a secret part of the circle, in which you can interact with a dead drow. If you cast Speak With Dead on his body, you can learn about this quest. The second one, can be found near the Sussur tree, among a group of Hook Horrors, and the third one, can be found petrified, where you fight the Spectator, near the fort entrance to the Underdark.  

How to use the Forge to create Items : The Adamantine Forge can move between two different levels: High Level and Low Level. You'll need to move the Forge into the Lower level to be able to pour magma. To do so, place a mould into the chamber and a Mithral Ore into the Crucible. Interact with the Forge Lever and the anvil will hit, taking the Forge to the lower level. Once you are in the lower level follow these steps to forge an item: Interact with the Crucible and insert a Mithral Ore. This will allow you to use the Forge Lever to lower the Forge and start crafting. The Mithral Ore will be consumed when the process is complete.Interact with the Mould Chamber, and insert one of the Moulds you have: Scimitar Mould, Shield Mould, Mace Mould, Splint Mould, Longsword Mould, and Scale Mail Mould. The mould won't be consumed when you craft the item. You can extract the mould by interacting with the lever located next to the Mould Chamber, this will allow you insert a new mold.Pull the Lava Valve. This will cause the Forge to be surrounded by lava. Evade at all costs being caught up by the lava. Try to position your characters on the big surrounding circles to avoid suffering an immense amount of damage. Also notice that the first time you do this, you will summon a Construct called Grym.Pull the Forge Lever, this will make a giant column to impact the mould chamber, forging the item you have put into the Mould Chamber in the process.Once the item is created, use the button located next to the Forge Lever, this will take the Forge back to the High Level area.You can repeat the process from step 1 by inserting a new Mithral Ore. Remember to swap the Mould if you want to create a different Item.See Forged Items for more information.  

The Adamantine Forge Notes & Tips : Quick links for the items you can create at the forge are: Adamantine Splint Armour Adamantine Scale Mail Adamantine Shield Adamantine Longsword Adamantine Scimitar Adamantine Mace .Adamantine Splint Armour.Adamantine Scale Mail.Adamantine Shield.Adamantine Longsword.Adamantine Scimitar.Adamantine Mace   There exists a bug where the forge crucible can no longer be interactable. This can happen if you remove the forged item during the fight with Grym.There's a bug where the lava won't flow away again, preventing the platform from being raised. This is easily resolved by going into turn-based mode and skipping a few turns.  