The Blade of Frontiers : The Blade of Frontiers is a Companion Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Blade of Frontiers can be acquired from Wyll during Chapter One of the First Act. Completing The Blade of Frontiers will progress Wyll's story forward. Wyll's progress has since been modified from Early Access since the official release of BG3. This page includes all possible journal update listed in the objectives below.    

The Blade of Frontiers Objectives : We recruited Wyll, a monster hunter known as the Blade of Frontiers. He is on a mission to kill Karlach, a powerful devil who is a danger to the entire Sword Coast..We recruited Wyll, a monster hunter known as the Blade of Frontiers. He is on a mission to kill Karlach, a tiefling we've encountered before. He claims she is a powerful devil and a danger to the entire Sword Coast..We met a group of paladins who seek Karlach, the very same target who Wyll is hunting. They provided us with her exact whereabouts.
Karlach has joined the party, though Wyll hasn't confronted her as of yet. This uneasy peace can't last forever.
A monster hunter named Wyll confronted Karlach in our camp, believing her to be a dangerous devil. We resolved the situation peacefully and recruited Wyll to our party. We should get to know him better..A monster hunter named Wyll confronted Karlach in our camp, believing her to be a dangerous devil. We slayed Karlach and recruited Wyll to our party. We should get to know him better..We located Karlach, who was not the treacherous devil Wyll believed her to be. We resolved the situation peacefully, but Wyll owes us an explanation..We located Karlach and slayed her, in spite of her claims of innocence. We should talk to Wyll about the situation. 
Wyll spoke ominously about a penance he must face. We should take a long rest when the opportunity strikes; there's clearly a lot the Blade of Frontiers isn't telling us..Wyll celebrated an uneasy victory after Karlach's defeat. We should continue our travels - though a good night's rest in camp might prove illuminating. 
We met Wyll's diabolical patron, Mizora, who was none too happy to find that Wyll failed to slay Karlach. She punished Wyll for his disobedience by turning him into a devil and departed - though it seems likely we'll meet her again..We met Wyll's diabolical patron, Mizora, who was pleased to find that he had slain Karlach. She rewarded him for his obedience and departed - though it seems likely we'll meet her again. 
Mizora appeared in the form of a projection to inform us that the Absolute cult abducted an infernal asset of some importance to the archdevil Zariel. We should find and release them - Wyll's very soul hangs in the balance..We've delved deep into Moonrise Towers. We should search the area thoroughly - the devil that Mizora asked us to rescue must be nearby. 
Zariel's asset turned out to be Mizora herself. She disappeared again after we released her from her pod - but not before promising she'd find us soon enough..Zariel's asset turned out to be Mizora herself. In return for our help, she promised to release Wyll from his pact, but only after six months had passed. She disappeared again - but not before promising she'd find us soon enough..We've reached Wyrm's Crossing, on the outskirts of Baldur's Gate. We should keep an eye out for Mizora..Mizora gifted Wyll an infernal rapier for his troubles, though she required some convincing.
We found Mizora at Wyrm's Rock fortress. She insisted we attend Gortash's ordination and seek her out afterwards.
The ceremony is over. We should return to Mizora. 
Mizora asked us to meet her in camp. She has an important proposal to make regarding Wyll's father, Grand Duke Ravengard.
Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would reveal where his father's been taken and ensure his safe return. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, dooming his father to die in Gortash's secret command centre. Wyll broke the pact, choosing his freedom over his father's life.
Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would reveal where his father's been taken and ensure his safe return. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, dooming his father to die. Wyll chose to remain pacted; we should find Ravengard and rescue him from Gortash's secret command centre.
Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would resurrect his father. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, and Ravengard would remain dead for good. Wyll chose to remain pacted, and Mizora resurrected the duke. We should speak with Ravengard about what's happened..Duke Ravengard has been rescued from the Iron Throne and gone to our camp. We should speak with him there. 
Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would resurrect his father. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, and Ravengard would remain dead for good. Wyll broke the pact, choosing his freedom over his father's life. If he must see other consequences for his actions, they have not yet come to bear. 
Counsellor Florrick and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city. We defeated them after Florrick refused to stand down; we should check their possessions for any relevant information..Cordula Eltan and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city. We defeated them after Eltan refused to stand down; we should check their possessions for any relevant information. 
Duke Ravengard told Wyll the only way to save Baldur's Gate from the Absolute scourge is to awaken a powerful wyrm called Ansur who sleeps under the city. A tome called 'The Legend of Ansur' is key to finding the entrance to the wyrm's lair..We've retrieved a book called 'The Legend of Ansur'. We should read it..Counsellor Florrick and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city, but we convinced them to stand down. Florrick told us that the only way to save Baldur's Gate from the Absolute scourge is to awaken a powerful wyrm called Ansur who sleeps under the city. A tome called 'The Legend of Ansur' is key to finding the entrance to the wyrm's lair..Cordula Eltan and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city, but we convinced them to stand down. Eltan told us that the only way to save Baldur's Gate from the Absolute scourge is to awaken a powerful wyrm called Ansur who sleeps under the city. A tome called 'The Legend of Ansur' is key to finding the entrance to the wyrm's lair. 
After reading 'The Legend of Ansur', we discovered the great wyrm Ansur resides in a secret lair called the Wyrmway. The entrance is apparently located somewhere within Wyrm's Rock Prison, and the notes inside it hint that opening the way involves lightning sparks and torches. 
We've reached the Wyrmway, where the great wyrm Ansur resides. We must make our way to him.
We defeated the resurrected remains of the great wyrm Ansur. We should talk to Wyll.
We defeated the resurrected remains of the great wyrm Ansur. We should return to camp and inform Duke Ravengard. 
 

The Blade of Frontiers Walkthrough : The Blade of Frontiers Act 2.The Blade of Frontiers Act 3.Break or Keep the Pact with Mizora .All Endings

Hunt down Karlach.  : We recruited Wyll, a monster hunter known as the Blade of Frontiers. He is on a mission to kill Karlach, a powerful devil who is a danger to the entire Sword Coast.
Depending on whether you have met Karlach prior to your encounter with Wyll or have activated the quest, Hunt the Devil, your journals will be updated accordingly.
If you haven't found her yet, this quest will mark her general location. Karlach can be found in The Risen Road. Make your way through the Blighted Village, past the Gnome that is tied to the windmill, and jump across the gap in the bridge. Head down the road to your right, fight your way through the Hyenas and Gnolls, and continue down to the river where you will see blood on the ground and Karlach resting on the opposite side of the river across the log bridge. 

Interact with her. She will recognize you from the nautiloid. You will also eventually be connected because of the Tadpole. You can eventually recruit her to your party. If Wyll is in your party during this interaction, you can reason with him to change his perception of her. If Wyll is not in your party, he will still have a chance to change his perception of her when they meet. 
 

Continue to travel with Wyll and Karlach. : Karlach has joined the party, though Wyll hasn't confronted her as of yet. This uneasy peace can't last forever.
With Karlach in your group opposing Wyll's original interests, you will need to speak to Wyll about Karlach.
 

Talk to Wyll about Karlach.  : A monster hunter named Wyll confronted Karlach in our camp, believing her to be a dangerous devil. We resolved the situation peacefully and recruited Wyll to our party. We should get to know him better.
If Wyll wasn't with you during your encounter with Karlach, they will eventually confront each other and you can change his perception of her during your interaction. Their Tadpoles will connect them and you can intervene and ask him to Stand down. He will be stubborn at first but will eventually give in and realize he has been deceived. Call him out for his stubbornness and most Companions will approve. 

 

Rest at camp.  : Wyll spoke ominously about a penance he must face. We should take a long rest when the opportunity strikes; there's clearly a lot the Blade of Frontiers isn't telling us.
Return to camp to progress through Wyll's story.
 

Continue travelling with Wyll.  : We met Wyll's diabolical patron, Mizora, who was none too happy to find that Wyll failed to slay Karlach. She punished Wyll for his disobedience by turning him into a devil and departed - though it seems likely we'll meet her again.
While traveling with Wyll, Mizora will make an appearance at the camp. If you flatter her, Wyll and Karlach will disapprove. Allow the scene to play out and if Karlach is still alive she will point out that the promise to kill Karlach has been broken and Wyll will pay the price. 
We met Wyll's diabolical patron, Mizora, who was pleased to find that he had slain Karlach. She rewarded him for his obedience and departed - though it seems likely we'll meet her again.
If you listened to Wyll and slayed Karlach as he said, then Mizora will show up and reward Wyll with an Infernal Robe, while revealing that she had deceived him about Karlach. 

After Mizora leaves. speak to Wyll to continue. He will talk about how he was meant to hunt devils and demons instead of innocent tieflings like Karlach. You will have the following dialogue options.
You warned me about Raphael, but are pacted to Mizora? What a fraud. .The Blade of Frontiers has some explaining to do..What did you expect? She's a devil. Hardly the paragon of honesty..You've been tuned into a devil. An appropriate punishment, I'd say. 
 You can ask about the pact and how he got involved with Mizora and Wyll will approve. 
 

Rescue Zariel's asset from Moonrise Towers.  : Mizora appeared in the form of a projection to inform us that the Absolute cult abducted an infernal asset of some importance to the archdevil Zariel. We should find and release them - Wyll's very soul hangs in the balance..We've delved deep into Moonrise Towers. We should search the area thoroughly - the devil that Mizora asked us to rescue must be nearby.
Continue through the Main Quests of the game until you reach Moonrise Towers. You'll be undergoing the task to Infiltrate Moonrise Towers. 
Depending on whether or not you’ve got Wyll in your party during one of your rests at camp, Mizora will come for a visit. She’ll tell you that one of Zariel’s devils has been captured by the cultists and brought to Moonrise Towers. Wyll’s next task, as per their pact, is to free this devil. You’ll have the following options to respond to this with:
And this is our problem how, exactly?.Forget it. This ‘asset’ can rot in the Towers for all I care..If this devil is so powerful, how did they manage to get captured?
If you choose the first option, she’ll do her usual referencing of their contract. Before she leaves, you’ll do a Perception check here to see if she’s hiding anything behind her usual attitude, and blurry appearance.

If you did choose to take a long rest, you’ll be visited by your Dream Visitor again as you sleep. They’ll comment on how strong the Absolute’s influence is where you are, and then commend you for saving the refugees at the grove. You can respond with the following options:
It wasn’t even a choice. They needed my help..It doesn’t seem like my help did them much good. The cultists caught up with them..It was a waste of time. I regret it now..I didn’t do it for them. The goblins were in my way, so I killed them.
Choosing the first option will have them say it’s not a choice just anyone could make, before wincing in pain. A successful Perception check will tell you that they’re hiding their struggle to protect you. You’ll have the following options to react with:
What is it?.Are you all right?.Focus! Don’t you dare drop my protection..Say nothing.
A successful Insight check this time will tell you that despite her disciplined, strong demeanor, she also needs some comfort. You can choose to do the following:
Say nothing. Wait..Hold (them) tight..You look terrible. Do you need a hug?.Pull yourself together. We’ve got work to do.
They’ll appreciate the gesture if you choose to hold them and mention that it’s been quite a while since they’ve been held by someone. If you ask them who it was that used to hold them, they’ll reveal the name Belynne who they were very close to. They’ll tell you how the Absolute’s mental attacks to transform you have been relentless, but they’ll reaffirm her resolve to protect you for as long as they can.
Before leaving camp, you can talk to Wyll who’ll be quite pissed at his new task. You can ask him if this task violates their contract, as he was supposed to be killing devils, not rescuing them. Knowing how Mizora thinks, however, he confirms that the contract doesn’t say anything about saving a devil so the task still stands. You can continue the conversation which will end with the resolution to complete the task so he doesn’t get turned into a lemure.
To Rescue Zariel's asset from Moonrise, you'll need to make your way to the Mind Flayer Colony Membrane and head deeper in till you see Chop. Head past him towards the north. Deeper into the Colony until you reach the Tadpoling Centre. Search the Mind Flayer pods toward the west and you will find Mizora.

Mizora? You are the devil you sent Wyll to rescue?.Figures. All that talk about Zariel's asset, I should've known you were lying. .What have we here? Hold on - I need to relish the moment.
She then tells you to get her out and she will let Wyll go, and you will see that the control panel has two devices with illithid symbols.
[BARBARIAN] [STRENGTH] SMASH THE POD..Examine the device on the left..Examine the device on the right..Leave her there. 
Followed up by a chance to annihilate her:
[BARBARIAN] [STRENGTH] SMASH THE POD..Connect your. mind to 'annihilate' device and activate it.Connect your. mind to 'ybkeasg' device and activate it.Leave her there. 
Note: If you choose to annihilate her, this will also result in Wyll's demise. If you have strength available and you use it successfully to smash the pod, this will update the journal for the quest, and her pod will open. She will then state that she will release Wyll within six months. 
To the Hells with your conditions. Sever Wyll's pact now, or I'll sever your head.. A full half of a year? You've got to be kidding. .Shrug. Six months isn't that long a wait..That warlock of yours is turning out to be more trouble than he's worth. 
You can choose option 1, but she will not fight you and she will leave.
Note: If Wyll is in your party, she will reward him with an Infernal Rapier for his troubles if you manage to convince her. 
 

Wait for Mizora to be in contact.  : Zariel's asset turned out to be Mizora herself. In return for our help, she promised to release Wyll from his pact, but only after six months had passed. She disappeared again - but not before promising she'd find us soon enough.
Mizora will make a few appearances in Baldur's Gate once you reach the city in Act 3. You will progress after she gives you your next steps. Explore the City and carry on with your Main Quests. You may need to progress through your main quests until you need to Get Gortash's Netherstone. One of your objectives will be to find Gortash in Wyrm's Rock Fortress.
We've reached Wyrm's Crossing, on the outskirts of Baldur's Gate. We should keep an eye out for Mizora..Mizora gifted Wyll an infernal rapier for his troubles, though she required some convincing.
 

Attend Gortash's ordination ceremony.  : We found Mizora at Wyrm's Rock fortress. She insisted we attend Gortash's ordination and seek her out afterwards.
After you find Gortash in Wyrm's Rock Fortress, you will be invited to his inauguration upstairs. Attend the ceremony to fulfill the objective. This will update the journals for Rescue the Grand Duke.
 
 

Return to Mizora.  : The ceremony is over. We should return to Mizora.
After the ceremony, speak to Mizora in the city and she will tell you that the Duke has been relocated. After your interaction, rest at camp when you are ready. 
 

Rest at camp.  : Mizora asked us to meet her in camp. She has an important proposal to make regarding Wyll's father, Grand Duke Ravengard.
You will be visited by Mizora at some point at Camp after a long rest. She will offer Wyll a deal. 

Here, you will meet the sisters of Justice. Wyll wants to find and save his father so Mizora gives him two choices. She offers another bargain. Your two options are the following: 
If the Grand Duke is alive, then she will reveal his location, but Wyll will pledge his soul to Mizora and the archdevil Zariel. (If the Grand Duke is dead at this point then Mizora will resurrect him.).The second option is to break his pact, but Wyll's father will die by his enemy's hand. 
When she appears with a proposal, the dialogue will proceed as follows: 
What are you proposing?.Then break it already. Wyll doesn't need to wait six months..Remain Silent. 
Ask what he proposal is and she will elaborate. 
 

Should you break Wyll's Pact or save Wyll's Father?  : If you remain pacted, your next objective will be to Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison. .If you break the pact, your next objective is to Continue onward with Wyll. Counsellor Florrick or Cordula Eltan will later ambush the party, while accusing Wyll of killing the father so he could take the city. .Your choices here will also affect your journal updates for the Rescue the Grand Duke..Note: Before you make your choice, it is possible to break the pact and later on find a way to save his father if you find him alive at the Iron Throne. 
Your response here will determine his choice.
What will happen to Wyll's powers if he breaks the pact?.Save your father, Wyll. The city will need him to help rebuild. .Do the right thing. Give your soul so that your father can live..Break the pact, Wyll. You deserve your freedom..Let your father die. When the city's free, you can take his place. 
Make your choice here and jump to the relevant objective. 
Pledge Wyll's Soul: Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison..Break the Pact: Continue onward with Wyll.
After the consequences of both these events play out, you will still be able to gain information to proceed with this quest and you will be able to proceed to Read The Legend of Ansur whether it is retrieved from the Grand Duke or looted from an ambush. Skip below to jump to this objective.
 
 

Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison. : Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would reveal where his father's been taken and ensure his safe return. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, dooming his father to die. Wyll chose to remain pacted; we should find Ravengard and rescue him from Gortash's secret command centre.
Fulfilling this objective also progresses through the quest: Rescue the Grand Duke. The objectives for this quest will also align with Wyll's subquest: The Grand Duke. You will reach Gortash as you enter Baldur's Gate in Act 3. To skip the objectives for The Grand Duke subquest, click here. 
 

Find and rescue Grand Duke Ravengard  : Wyll agreed to an eternal pact with Mizora and the archdevil Zariel. In exchange, Mizora revealed that Grand Duke Ravengard was taken to Gortash's secret command centre. We should rescue him.
In order to save Duke Ravengard, you need to reach Iron Throne from Flymm Cargo Lower City. (The Quests: Save the Gondians and Avenge the Drowned will lead you to this location.) You may need to progress through some main quests to gain access to the Lower City. This involves the quests: Investigate the Selunite Resistance and Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders, or Investigate the Suspicious Toys. Find your way into the Lower City then make your way to the Flymm Cargo. You may need to use Thieve's Tools to enter through the doors. This will begin a battle.  After you've cleared the area, head to the basement. The Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.

There will be a door ahead to the Detention Block which will lead you to the Submersible that will take you to the Iron Throne. As you approach the submersible, someone may confront you-  Redhammer the Deviser. Once you can respond, you can tell him that you need to get to the Iron Throne. Your interaction with him will update Save the Gondians. You will be able to progress through both Save the Gondians and Rescue the Grand Duke. After you tell him where you are going, he will agree to take you in. 
Note: You need to carefully select your team and spells before you reach the Iron Throne. Once you land on Iron Throne, you will have only 8 turns to extract as many prisoners as possible and Escape to the submersible to dock before the Throne collapses. Dimension door and Teleportation Circle spells are very helpful, as well as the Potion of Speed.
If you turned down Mizora, she may appear once you free Duke Ravengard. Defeat her summoning, and don't let the explosion kill the duke.
Continue to the Iron Throne. A cutscene will begin and the journals will update. When you arrive, a battle will begin. You will start your journey in the middle of the map. To locate Duke Ravengard, head directly east. His location is circled on the Map below. Save the other prisoners to complete Save the Gondians.


Lead Ravengard to safety.  : You will need to reach the Grand Duke then make your way back within the amount of turns you are given. Once you reach him, the next interaction will go about with one of two ways,  Mizora will either show up to help you or you will need to defeat her summoning and make it back to the dock.
Journal outcomes: 
We located Grand Duke Ravengard, but Mizora has no intention of letting us save him. Per the terms of Mizora's bargain, Wyll traded his own freedom for the life of his father.
If Mizora decides to help: 
Mizora was true to her word: she helped us lead Grand Duke Ravengard to safety. We should return to the submersible and speak with him.
Once you have escaped Iron Throne, talk to Duke Ravengard. He is overcome with a lot of emotions regarding his son when he sees him.
Have a heart- your son is a hero. We saved lives here today, including your own..Grand Duke Ravengard, Glad to see you of your own mind. .You can work out your issues later. Go to our camp - the Absolute can't reach you there. 
 

Talk to Ravengard.  : Mizora gave Wyll a choice. He could agree to an eternal pact with her and Zariel, and she would resurrect his father. Or he could break his pact with Mizora, and Ravengard would remain dead for good. Wyll chose to remain pacted, and Mizora resurrected the duke. We should speak with Ravengard about what's happened..Duke Ravengard has been rescued from the Iron Throne and gone to our camp. We should speak with him there.
After returning from the Iron Throne, speak to Duke Ravengard at the camp to fulfill this objective.
 

Check the ambushers' possessions.  : If you severed the Pack and the Grand Duke died
Counsellor Florrick/Cordula Eltan and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city. We defeated them after Florrick refused to stand down; we should check their possessions for any relevant information.
If you chose to sever the pack and did not manage to save the Grand Duke, Counsellor Florrick or Cordula Eltan will ambush you and accuse. you of killing his father. 
 

Read The Legend of Ansur.  : If you rescued Duke Ravengard: 
Duke Ravengard told Wyll the only way to save Baldur's Gate from the Absolute scourge is to awaken a powerful wyrm called Ansur who sleeps under the city. A tome called 'The Legend of Ansur' is key to finding the entrance to the wyrm's lair..We've retrieved a book called 'The Legend of Ansur'. We should read it.
If you allowed Duke Ravengard to die and were ambushed: 
Counsellor Florrick/Cordula Eltan and her allies ambushed us, accusing Wyll of killing his father so he could take over the city, but we convinced them to stand down. Florrick told us that the only way to save Baldur's Gate from the Absolute scourge is to awaken a powerful wyrm called Ansur who sleeps under the city. A tome called 'The Legend of Ansur' is key to finding the entrance to the wyrm's lair. 
 

Find the entrance to Ansur's lair, the Wyrmway.  : After reading 'The Legend of Ansur', we discovered the great wyrm Ansur resides in a secret lair called the Wyrmway. The entrance is apparently located somewhere within Wyrm's Rock Prison, and the notes inside it hint that opening the way involves lightning sparks and torches.
Continue progressing through the Act 3 Main Quests until you reach Wyrm's Rock Prison. This is where you will be able to find the entrance to Ansur's lair. 

Reading the Legend of Ansur gives you a clue, you need to hit 2 dragon-shaped lanterns with lightning damage to reveal the entrance.
 

Find the way to Ansur.  : We've reached the Wyrmway, where the great wyrm Ansur resides. We must make our way to him. 
There are 4 trials in The Wyrmway you need to complete to enter Dragon's Sanctum. The Chamber of Courage is a trial by combat, you need to survive 4 rounds against elementals.
The Chamber of Strategy is a chess puzzle, when you enter the room, it will randomly generate a chess endgame and you need to finish the Black King in limited moves. If you have Gale, he will comment that he played "Lanceboard" a lot and will provide you with two different solutions. Below is one of the possible endgame:
 Alternatively, you can hit the black king piece with lightning damage.
In the Chamber of Justice, there are paintings adorn the walls. They tell the tale of a man who was caught stealing. Now, you have to pronounce a sentence that's proportionate to the crime. Cast Remove Curse spell on shadow-covered paintings, then insert The Cell into the empty plinth.
In the Chamber of Insight, you need to kill the advisor that would lead the city to ruin. Use Hold Monster on the flying books, then read all the books to learn about the three advisors. Kill Suelto to complete the trial.
Once all 4 trials are complete, you can enter the Dragon's Sanctum to face Ansur.
 
Once you reach the Dragon's Sanctum, get ready for combat. 
Ansur, the guardian dragon of Baldur's Gate found dead in the Sanctum. Killed by no other than your Dream Visitor. You need to prepare your team to face Ansur's reanimated skeleton. .After every two turns, Ansur will Gather Power and cast powerful lightning spells at the next turn. Cast Protection from Energy to protect your team.
 

Talk to Wyll.  : We defeated the resurrected remains of the great wyrm Ansur. We should talk to Wyll.
After you have defeated Ansur speak to Wyll. 
 

Return to Ravengard. : We defeated the resurrected remains of the great wyrm Ansur. We should return to camp and inform Duke Ravengard. 
After you have defeated Ansur speak to Duke Ravengard.  
 

 How to unlock The Blade of Frontiers : Wyll
 

The Blade of Frontiers Rewards : Infernal Robe (If you kill Karlach).Infernal Rapier (If Wyll helps Mizora in Moonrise Towers.)
 

The Blade of Frontiers Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

