The Pale Elf : The Pale Elf is a Companion Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. The Pale Elf can be acquired from Astarion during Chapter One of the first Act. Completing  The Pale Elf will progress Astarion story forward.   

The Pale Elf Objectives : We met a strange Elf who had also been infected with a parasite. He was hostile at first, but agreed to join us when he learned we were infected too..Astarion is a vampire! We woke up last night and saw him bent over one of us - drinking their blood. We let him drink his fill to regain his strength..We learned that Astarion was murdered by a Gur nomad long ago. The vampire lord Cazador came to his aid and made him a vampire spawn..We told Astarion that he couldn't feed on innocents - but enemies were fair game..We told Astarion he could only feed on animals - intelligent creatures are off-limits..We learned that Astarion might be a vampire! A monster hunter named Gandrel is looking for him..We fought a monster hunter who was looking for Astarion..Astarion killed a monster hunter who had been looking for him..Astarion suspects that the parasite may have negated some of the downsides of being a vampire spawn. Perhaps his master has no power over him anymore..We learned that Astarion was a slave to the Szarr family. he couldn't refuse orders from them - and believes that might still be the case..We fought a monster hunter who was looking for Astarion..Astarion told us that he suspects the monster hunter is serving his master Cazador..After spending the night with Astarion, we learned that he has some kind of poem carved into his back. Cazador did this to him - but why?
Astarion wants to speak to Raphael the next time we see him. He believes the devil might know something about the scars on his back.
We met Raphael at the Last Light Inn and Astarion asked about the scars Cazador left on his back. Raphael seemed interested - he said he'd think about Astarion's request and see us again soon.
We met Raphael at the entrance to the Thorm Mausoleum. The devil told us about an orthon - a monster from the Hells - that's lurking beneath the mausoleum. He promised to tell Astarion about his scars, but only if we kill this orthon for him.
We killed the orthon, as Raphael asked. Now we're waiting for him to reappear and fulfil his promise to Astarion - whenever and wherever that might happen.
Raphael told us about the 'Rite of Profane Ascension'. Cazador plans to perform it, sacrificing his vampire spawn in exchange for great power. Astarion is the only missing piece of the ritual and Cazador needs him back. Astarion told us he wants to take the fight to Cazador in Baldur's Gate..Raphael left without revealing anything about Astarion's scars. It seems if we want answers, we'll need to reach Baldur's Gate and ask Cazador himself..Astarion thinks we need to find some of his fellow spawn if we want to learn about Cazador's plans. Apparently, they used to hunt for victims in the dens of the city..Instead of killing the orthon, we helped him, which means Raphael won't reveal anything about Astarion's scars. If he wants answers, Astarion will have to look elsewhere. Maybe in Baldur's Gate itself. 
We've reached Baldur's Gate. Astarion will want to find Cazador Szarr and face him, deciding his fate once and for all..Astarion met Ulma, the leader of a small tribe of monster hunters. She recognised Astarion as the one who stole their children for Cazador, but offered him a chance to redeem himself. Astarion agreed to help their children and kill Cazador..Astarion met two of his fellow vampire spawn, Dalyria and Petras, at Fraygo's Flophouse. We learned Cazador plans to perform a ritual that will grant him incredible power, and that Astarion is part of it. They revealed it's taking place in a defiled chapel beneath Cazador's palace before turning to mist and disappearing..A group of vampire spawn attacked us during the night. They tried to kidnap Astarion and take him back to Cazador, but failed. Astarion will need to face Cazador if he's ever to be safe from his past..We killed Ulma. Without her, the monster hunters will be much less of a threat to Astarion..We can now look for the other spawn that Astarion mentioned before. We should look for them in the taverns and flophouses of Wyrm's Crossing..Astarion thinks we need to find some of his fellow spawn if we want to learn about Cazador's plans. We should look for them in the taverns and flophouses of Wyrm's Crossing. 
A group of vampire spawn attacked us during the night. They kidnapped Astarion and took him back to Cazador. We need to find Cazador's palace if we're going to rescue Astarion..Astarion is free from Godey's kennel. We can now explore the palace and find Cazador..We have entered Cazador's palace. Now we just need to find the vampire himself..We used an elevator to descend into a secret dungeon under Cazador's Palace. We have yet to find what's hidden down here..Astarion met Sebastian, one of the first victims he ever brought Cazador. Instead of feeding on him, Cazador turned Sebastian into a vampire spawn and locked him in this dungeon. We don't know how many of Astarion's victims are still 'alive' down here, but we did learn that Cazador's staff controls the prison. We'll need to take it from him if we're to decide the prisoners' fates..We found a scroll describing the ritual Cazador wants to perform. He plans to sacrifice thousands of souls, including Astarion's, to ascend and gain incredible power..We learned that Cazador carries a magic staff, which he uses to control the prison. We'll need to take it from him if we're to decide the prisoners' fates. 
We found Cazador and convinced him to let us go and bring Astarion to him. Astarion will definitely want to hear about this..We found Cazador, who overpowered Astarion and dragged him into the ritual. Now that Cazador has everything he needs, he'll ascend unless we stop him..We found Cazador and attacked him. Time to destroy him once and for all..Cazador magically ensnared Astarion, summoning him and forcing him into the ritual. We need to help Astarion and destroy Cazador..We defeated Cazador, who retreated to his sarcophagus to heal. He's vulnerable now - all we have to do is open the sarcophagus's lid and finish him off..We brought Astarion to Cazador, who used blood magic to force Astarion into the ritual. We need to help Astarion and destroy his old master. 
We broke Astarion's cover and let the monster hunter capture him. That might be the last we see of the vampire spawn..Astarion's gone. One can't help but wonder if it had anything to do with us telling the monster hunter where we were camped..Astarion died. No time for a funeral..Astarion has left the party. We won't be inviting him back..Astarion turned against us..Astarion met Ulma, the leader of a small tribe of monster hunters. She recognised Astarion as the one who stole their children for Cazador, but offered him a chance to redeem himself. Astarion refused and Ulma asked us to help kill him. We agreed and Astarion attacked us..Astarion has become the Vampire Ascendant. He had to sacrifice Cazador, his brothers and sisters, and thousands of other vampire spawn; but he'll never fear the sun or suffer a vampire's hunger again..We killed Cazador and released all of the vampire spawn into the Underdark. Astarion's fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days..We killed Cazador and the thousands of vampire spawn he had locked down here. They won't be a threat to anyone now. As for Astarion, his fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days..We killed Cazador and decided to leave the thousands of vampire spawn he created in their cells. As for Astarion, his fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days..Astarion never faced Cazador, but events are moving too quickly to change that now. It's time to choose your destiny - Astarion's will have to wait. 
 

The Pale Elf Walkthrough : Walkthrough Navigation Guide:
The Pale Elf Act 2. The Pale Elf Act 3.Facing Cazador Outcomes.All Endings

Kill the orthon.  : We met Raphael at the entrance to the Thorm Mausoleum. The devil told us about an orthon - a monster from the Hells - that's lurking beneath the mausoleum. He promised to tell Astarion about his scars, but only if we kill this orthon for him.
Orthon will be found in the Gauntlet of Shar. You will need to pass through the Grand Mausoleum. To reach the Gauntlet of Shar, go through the iron fence, and you’ll hear a talking skull telling you to beat it, but it won’t do anything else if you interact with it. A part of Ketheric Thorm’s diary sits near his diseased wife’s coffin. Other parts as scattered around this area if you want to look into his past. In the eastern area of this first area, you can find a locked Traveller’s Chest at (X:-259, Y:-882). It has a lockpicking DC of 14 and contains the Vivacious Cloak, some alchemy materials, some valuables, and possibly a potion or two.

Loot the rest of the area as much as you’d like, and then head over to the northern section. The plaque here reveals that Isobel is Ketheric’s daughter and that the tomb here belonged to her. Successful Perception checks here will reveal traps on the vents and various tiles on the floor, as well as gargoyle heads on the walls, all around the room. In order to reveal the path, you need to press the buttons under the 3 paintings in a specific order. This order is listed below but can be obtained from a book in the area: 
Start with the button below the Moonrise Towers (X:-248 Y:-848) painting first.Then the Grief (X:-278 Y:-842) painting beside it,.Finally, the last button under Ketheric Thorm’s (X:-280 Y:-830) painting.
After pressing the corresponding buttons, the walls beside the last painting will open up and allow you to pass through. You'll find a platform there with a Traversal Gem, interact with it to travel down the Gauntlet of Shar. There are 4 Umbral Gems in Gauntlet of Shar, you need to collect all of them in order to progress Shadowheart's personal quest, Daughter of Darkness: The Chosen of Shar. 
Orthon Yurgir can be found in the east part of the area (X:-652 Y:-776). You can ask him to recite his contract and find the loophole in it, and deceive him into killing his own minions, even himself. This will affect the journals for Break Yurgir's Contract. If you choose to kill him, wait for Raphael to seek you again. When given the option, you have the following choices (These options can vary or expand based on your character):
He wants you dead..I've had dealings with that devil. Maybe we can help each other..There's nothing stopping you from leaving. I know a way out. .Attack. 
If you choose option 1, Astarion will want you to tell him Raphael's location. 
Let's share our experiences about Raphael. Perhaps we can help each other. .Raphael could be anywhere. But let me go, and I'll free you from his grasp..I've got nothing to spit out- not for you, anyway.. Attack. 
If you choose option one, he will bring up his contract. This will give you an additional quest: Break Yurgir's Contract. You can choose to complete this quest or continue with Raphael's original bidding and complete Kill Raphael's Old Enemy. Your choices here will affect both quests. 
You can follow through with Raphael's request to kill Yurgir and proceed to the next objective. .If you decide to go against Raphael. If you agree to help him search the strs to solve the loopholes of his contract, Astarion, Shadowheart and Karlach will disapprove. Keep in mind that if you succeed in breaking the contract and attempt to ask for a reward, he will only offer your life a reward and Raphael will soon make a reappearance and Yurgir will allow you to take anything he left behind. 
Make a decision to move on to your next objective.
 
We killed the orthon, as Raphael asked. Now we're waiting for him to reappear and fulfil his promise to Astarion - whenever and wherever that might happen.
If you followed through with Raphael's request, carry on with the main quest storyline until he makes an appearance again. Your next progression for Astarion's quest will be when you reach Act 3. 
 

Travel the road to Baldur's Gate.  : Raphael told us about the 'Rite of Profane Ascension'. Cazador plans to perform it, sacrificing his vampire spawn in exchange for great power. Astarion is the only missing piece of the ritual and Cazador needs him back. Astarion told us he wants to take the fight to Cazador in Baldur's Gate..Astarion thinks we need to find some of his fellow spawn if we want to learn about Cazador's plans. Apparently, they used to hunt for victims in the dens of the city.
If you helped Yurgir instead of kill him, you will need to figure out the next steps without Raphael. 
Instead of killing the orthon, we helped him, which means Raphael won't reveal anything about Astarion's scars. If he wants answers, Astarion will have to look elsewhere. Maybe in Baldur's Gate itself.
You and your party will be able to reach Baldur's Gate while following your main objectives to Act 3. Once you reach this location, you will have your next objective. 
 

Reach Cazador's palace.  : We've reached Baldur's Gate. Astarion will want to find Cazador Szarr and face him, deciding his fate once and for all.
Explore Baldur's Gate and interact with the different NPCs to trigger different updates and journal entries. 
Ulma, the leader of a small tribe of monster hunters can be found in Rivington. The leader of the Tribe of Gur asks you to save their children in Cazador's Palace..While exploring Fraygo's Flophouse you can overhear 2 vampires discussing a party in Cazador's Palace. Dalyria and Petras can be encountered at Fraygo's Flophouse. 
Interact with them to additional dialogue and information related to Astarion's questline. The following are the journal updates that can be triggered as you explore Baldur's gate. Follow the walkthrough through each location below. 
Astarion met Ulma, the leader of a small tribe of monster hunters. She recognised Astarion as the one who stole their children for Cazador, but offered him a chance to redeem himself. Astarion agreed to help their children and kill Cazador..Astarion met two of his fellow vampire spawn, Dalyria and Petras, at Fraygo's Flophouse. We learned Cazador plans to perform a ritual that will grant him incredible power, and that Astarion is part of it. They revealed it's taking place in a defiled chapel beneath Cazador's palace before turning to mist and disappearing..We can now look for the other spawn that Astarion mentioned before. We should look for them in the taverns and flophouses of Wyrm's Crossing..Astarion thinks we need to find some of his fellow spawn if we want to learn about Cazador's plans. We should look for them in the taverns and flophouses of Wyrm's Crossing.
As you progress through Act 3, you look out for these key events that will update the quest journals. Once you make your way to the Lower City, you can look for the Palace and make your way in for the next objective. The entrance to the Szarr Palace South Tower is located near the Lower City waypoint. (X:-68; Y:-53.) While exploring Baldur's Gate, go through the following locations for the listed journals and interactions. 
Note: While in Baldur's Gate, there is a chance for Astarion to be Ambushed. This happens as you sleep and you will need to free Astarion at the Palace after it occurs. It will give you an additional journal update:
A group of vampire spawn attacked us during the night. They kidnapped Astarion and took him back to Cazador. We need to find Cazador's palace if we're going to rescue Astarion.
 
If you decide to pass through Rivington, look out for Urma at the Gur Camp. (X:93 Y:-18). You will witness an ongoing ceremony. These individuals are a tribe of Monster Hunters, similar to the ones encountered in Hag's Swamp. Ulma halts the ceremony to approach you. She discloses her search for Astarion and initiates a conversation:
What's your interest in Astarion?.If you're looking to burn him on the pyre, I'm in favor..We're not interested in your affairs.
Choose the first option, and Ulma explains that Astarion took their children during his last visit. However, she notes that circumstances have changed: Astarion severed ties with his master and the binding spell. Astarion adds his perspective, and you can reply:
Yes, Astarion is free now..It was luck more than skill..Why do you care about this matter?
Opt for the second choice, and Ulma acknowledges their misfortune. Despite their efforts to rescue the children from Cazador Szarr's well-guarded palace, they've been unsuccessful. Ulma speculates that if one of his offspring approached, he might believe he could control Astarion, thus allowing his entry. Astarion disputes this, knowing Cazador's merciless nature. He's convinced the children are deceased. You can interject with:
We'll do our best to save them..You might be right, but it's worth trying..How can you be so certain, Astarion?
Select the third option, prompting Astarion to explain his history of offering victims to his master over the past two centuries, resulting in their consumption on the same night. Ulma persists, urging you to rescue them or seek vengeance. Respond with:
If Astarion won't assist, I will..Astarion owes them revenge at the very least..There's nothing more to discuss if we can't help.
Choose the second option, leading Astarion to agree. This update progresses the quest "A Pale Elf." and "Investigate Casador's Palace".
Open to your journal to view the update:
Astarion met Ulma, the leader of a small tribe of monster hunters. She recognised Astarion as the one who stole their children for Cazador, but offered him a chance to redeem himself. Astarion agreed to help their children and kill Cazador.

 
Upon arriving at Wyrm's Crossing, X:-13 Y:58, proceed to Fraygo's Flophouse, X:-16 Y:76, where a cutscene unfolds featuring Dalyria and Pale Petras engaged in a dispute about securing more marks for their master during the Black Mass. Pale Petras reveals that the other mark is designated for himself, granting him freedom after the Master's approval. Suddenly, Astarion intervenes, his sarcasm evident as he questions if Cazador truly promised them freedom and whether they believed such a pledge. Dalyria expresses astonishment at Astarion's return, given his previous freedom. You have the option to step in with:
Our objective is to eliminate Cazador. Only then can you gain your freedom..Provide us with information about the ritual. What do you know?.Hold your tongue.
Opt for the second choice, and Pale Petras assumes that Astarion's return indicates his desire to ascend alongside them. Astarion's anger flares at Petras, and he curses at him. He seizes Petras, issuing threats. Dalyria pleads with Astarion to stop. You can respond with:
Speak or suffer the flames. The choice is yours..Say nothing..[Persuasion] Astarion, Stop!
Choose the first option, and Dalyria discloses that the Master is preparing the Black Mass in a tainted chapel beneath his palace. Astarion releases Petras, resolving to thwart Cazador. Petras expresses astonishment, questioning Astarion's transformation. Astarion cryptically states that he has evolved beyond his former self, unafraid of anything. The sun's constraints and Cazador's influence no longer bind him. He asserts his unique capability to confront Cazador. Astarion instructs them to leave, and they vanish abruptly. Respond to Astarion with:
I commend your compassion for sparing them..They might alert Cazador to our approach..We should have eliminated them.
Upon selecting the second option, Astarion concurs, acknowledging their likely warning and resultant trepidation. He empathizes with their coerced compliance under Cazador's will. He references Seven Sigils held by seven spawns, with Cazador in possession of six. Confronting him becomes imperative to seize the power. Your response can be:
Sacrificing your siblings? Are you willing?.Why not maintain distance? Cazador's ritual hinges on finding you..'Ourselves'? Perhaps you mean yourself..At times, your intimidation surpasses the elder brain's..Let's proceed.
Opt for the third choice, and Astarion concurs. He asserts that by augmenting his power, the entire team benefits. He queries if you remain steadfast. Respond:
We're a team. I've got your back..What if this is a trap?.I'm uncertain..Shall we go? We've obtained what's needed – the ritual's location beneath the palace.
Choosing the second option prompts Astarion to assert that collectively, you will address the situation. This interaction will trigger an update.
Astarion met two of his fellow vampire spawn, Dalyria and Petras, at Fraygo's Flophouse. We learned Cazador plans to perform a ritual that will grant him incredible power, and that Astarion is part of it. They revealed it's taking place in a defiled chapel beneath Cazador's palace before turning to mist and disappearing.
When you are ready, you can make your way to the Szar Palace in the Lower City.
 
The entrance to the Szarr Palace South Tower is located near the Lower City waypoint. (X:-68; Y:-53.) You may need to progress through some main quests to gain access to the Lower City. This involves the quests: Investigate the Selunite Resistance and Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders, or Investigate the Suspicious Toys. Find your way into the Lower City then make your way to the Szarr Palace. Once you find your way into the Palace, you can move on to the next objective. 
There are doors at each watch tower. Go though the Szarr Palace South Tower by the Lower City Central Wall. If you try to enter and head up the ladder, you may be stopped by the guards. Your interactions here will affect Investigate Cazador's Palace. If you pass the associated checks during the dialogue, you will be able to pass. You can then obtain a Key to Ramparts Door. Take the stairs up, and you can now enter through the doors to the upper tower. Head in and there will be another set of doors to the Szarr Palace Ramparts. From here, you can enter the doors to enter the palace directly. 


Locate and investigate Cazador's lair.  : We have entered Cazador's palace. Now we just need to find the vampire himself.
Once you make your way into the palace, you will need to find Cazador's lair. There will be a large Sinister door you will need to get through. In order to open the Sinister Door in Cazador's Palace, you need to find Kozakuran Dictionary in a necrotic room and Szarr Family Ring on Godey. Both are on the 1st floor of the palace.
If Astarion is missing during your playthrough, you will also find him with Godey.
(Kozakuran Dictionary in a Wardrobe on the 1st floor of the palace.)
The Szarr Family Ring can be obtained from Godey. You can interact with him to speak with him. He will tell you he will not open the door. If Astarion is with you, your response options will be the following: 
[DECEPTION] Cazador hired me to capture Astarion. I'm here to deliver..[INTIMIDATION] Lay a hand on me and lose it, bones..Attack
This is followed up by the following. 
[PERSUASION] Your master needs Astarion for the ritual. he'll be furious if you stop us joining him..[DECEPTION] Cazador gave me orders too - Astarion needs to be returned no matter what..[INTIMIDATION] How about I start breaking bones and keep going until I find that key..Attack. 
If you pass the associated check with your response, he will hand you the Szarr Family Ring. You can also attack him to loot it from him. 

With both the Key and the Ring, you can now proceed to the Sinister Door. Press the Szarr signet ring against the hollow and read the door's inscription aloud when prompted. This will open the doors to the next room. Enter the room to begin the next cutscene followed by a battle. Get through the battle to continue. 
When the room is cleared, open the doors to the southwest that will lead you into the Office Hall. There will be a small room to the west of the hall that will read Dais. 

Approach it and your party will observe a platform. After the short scene, you can go ahead and Descend into the depths of the palace when you are ready. This will lead you down to Cazador's Dungeon. 
 
We used an elevator to descend into a secret dungeon under Cazador's Palace. We have yet to find what's hidden down here.
Some interactive points in the dungeon: 
In Cazador's dungeon, you can find the skull of his master, the ancient vampire Velioth. Succeed in 3 Wisdom checks to learn about Cazador's Ritual..There's a Pelorsun Blade on the lower level of the dungeon..Enter through the Crypt door and you will find Sebastion and Chessa who will trigger a few quest updates. 
Interact with all the points of interest in the area and you will be able to record the following journals:
Astarion met Sebastian, one of the first victims he ever brought Cazador. Instead of feeding on him, Cazador turned Sebastian into a vampire spawn and locked him in this dungeon. We don't know how many of Astarion's victims are still 'alive' down here, but we did learn that Cazador's staff controls the prison. We'll need to take it from him if we're to decide the prisoners' fates..We found a scroll describing the ritual Cazador wants to perform. He plans to sacrifice thousands of souls, including Astarion's, to ascend and gain incredible power..We learned that Cazador carries a magic staff, which he uses to control the prison. We'll need to take it from him if we're to decide the prisoners' fates.
If you approach the large Crypt door, a short scene will be triggered. You can use the Szarr Family Ring again on this door when prompted. This will open the door to the next room. You can interact with the people in the cells. Observe the cell to the right and you will encounter Sebastian. 

When you can respond, you have the following options: 
[PERSUASION] We'll set you free..[INTIMIDATION] Stop whining - the only thing that matters is killing Cazador. He's responsible for all fo this..We need to go. Now. 
Choose to persuade him and pass the check and continue the conversation until it ends. If you observe the other cell you will find Chessa. And your journals will be updated for Investigate Cazador's Palace.
Your interaction will record the journal update: 
Astarion met Sebastian, one of the first victims he ever brought Cazador. Instead of feeding on him, Cazador turned Sebastian into a vampire spawn and locked him in this dungeon. We don't know how many of Astarion's victims are still 'alive' down here, but we did learn that Cazador's staff controls the prison. We'll need to take it from him if we're to decide the prisoners' fates.
Astarion will then go through his own dialogue. After dialogue interaction, you can head through the next Crypt Gate where you will find Cazador Szarr.  Your interactions here will determine the final outcomes of the quest. 

 

Face Cazador Szarr. : Astarion's former master has Sunlight Hypersensitivity, spells like Sunburst deals 20 radiant damage each turn if he starts his turn in sunlight. He also has a disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks while under the sun's glare..Several thralls are entrapped via magical runes. Cazador's HP and necrotic damage are buffed while he's feeding on them..Once you drafted Cazador, you need to decide whether or not to let Astarion complete the ritual. If the ritual is complete, Astarion will become a Vampire Ascendant, gaining the Ascendant Bite and Gaseous Form abilities, as well as bonus 1-10 necrotic damage for his attacks..When you leave the area, the Gur Tribe, a group of monster hunters, will accost you. If you let Astarion finish the ritual, they will believe he is a monster and attack. If not, they will let you leave peacefully, and joins you as allies in quest Gather Your Allies.
Depending on your next actions, you will receive one of the following outcomes after locating Cazador. Your interactions will vary depending on whether or not Astarion is with you. When Astarion faces him and attempts to interrupt the ritual he started to ascend in his place, you will be able to decide your involvement when Astarion asks for help.
 All right, what do you need?.If I help you complete the ritual, it will kill all these people..Didn't you hear him? If I complete the ritual, you'll be consumed. .I'm not doing this. 
Your actions here will decide the final outcome. 
Dialogue Choice 1: Help Astarion Ascend. if you choose to help, you'll need to enter his mind so he can proceed..Dialogue Choice 2: Ask about all the people. You can then proceed with a check and persuade him to be better by freeing the people. He will still proceed to kill Cazador..Dialogue Choice 4: Refuse to help. Even if you choose not to help, Astarion will stab him anyway, he will not free the other spawn and he will leave the party after the quest.
 

Ending 1: Astarion Ascends : Help Astarion Ascend. if you choose to help, you'll need to enter his mind so he can proceed. You will have a few chances to allow it to continue or to stop the ritual. If you allow the ritual to continue,  Shadowheart and Halsin will disapprove. Cazador will be sacrificed. 
Astarion has become the Vampire Ascendant. He had to sacrifice Cazador, his brothers and sisters, and thousands of other vampire spawn; but he'll never fear the sun or suffer a vampire's hunger again.
 

Ending 2: Convince Astarion not to Ascend; Decide Prisoners' Fate : This choice will directly affect the outcome of the prisoners. When Astarion asks for your help, put focus on the prisoners or Astarion by choosing either of the following dialogue:
You can't finish the ritual - you'll kill all these people!.Didn't you hear him? If you complete the ritual, you'll be consumed. 
Astarion will respond, "Trust me - I know what I'm doing. . . But if I complete the ritual, think of the power I'll have. With me by your side, we can save the city - we can save ourselves!" To which you should choose:
[Insight] Look into his eyes - try to see what's driving this.
You will then be able to attempt to persuade Astarion to abort the ritual by convincing him to think of himself:
"I want you to live a life you're proud of. You can't be proud of this." OR."I know you think this will set you free, but it won't. This power will trap you, just like it trapped Cazador."
If you pass the check, he will agree and proceed to slaughter Cazador. Afterward, you can use the staff. When prompted, choose to release them. 
They're too dangerous - they need to die..Let's release them. They deserve the same chance you got..Why not just leave them? They're not our responsibility. 
Your choice here will determine whether the Vampire Spawn prisoners are freed (approval), killed (disapproval), or left behind (Dalyria disapproves--Astarion washes his hands of Cazador).  
We killed Cazador and released all of the vampire spawn into the Underdark. Astarion's fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days.
Alternate Journals:
We killed Cazador and the thousands of vampire spawn he had locked down here. They won't be a threat to anyone now. As for Astarion, his fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days..We killed Cazador and decided to leave the thousands of vampire spawn he created in their cells. As for Astarion, his fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days.
 

Ending 3: Refuse to Help Astarion : Refuse to help Astarion when he asks. Even if you choose not to help, Astarion will stab him anyway. He will decide to leave the other spawn and he will not successfully complete the ritual.  Astarion will leave the party after the quest.  
We killed Cazador and decided to leave the thousands of vampire spawn he created in their cells. As for Astarion, his fate is sealed - he will be a vampire spawn until the end of his days.
 

 How to unlock The Pale Elf : Recruiting and traveling alongside Astarion.
 

The Pale Elf Rewards : Woe Staff (Help Astarion against Cazador).Rhapsody Sword (Help Astarion against Cazador)
 

The Pale Elf Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here
 

