Travel through the Underdark : Travel through the Underdark is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Travel through the Underdark can be acquired during Act 3 and is part of the main quest Travel to Moonrise Towers. Completing Quests allows players to learn more about the world and characters in Baldur's Gate 3 and earn more loot and experience to become more powerful.   

Travel through the Underdark Objectives : Halsin told us that there is a way to Moonrise Towers that leads through the Underdark. Tunnels beneath the temple of Selûne will lead us there.We learned that the best way to get to Moonrise Towers is through the Underdark. Tunnels beneath the temple of Selûne will lead us there. We found the old temple of Selûne. The entrance to the Underdark must be here somewhere. We found the old temple of Selûne. The entrance to the Underdark must be here somewhere. We unlocked a secret door in the old temple of Selûne. It leads to the Underdark. The Underdark is a twisted labyrinth of tunnels and ruins. To find the path to Moonrise Towers, we'll need to explore. We learned that the Absolute sent agents to Grymforge. There must be a route connecting Grymforge and Moonrise Towers.We discovered a lift in Grymforge that can bring us closer to Moonrise Towers. However, we were warned of a darkness that plagues the surface. We used the lift in Grymforge and arrived in the shadow-cursed lands.We decided to take the mountain pass. This road should lead us to Moonrise Towers.  

Travel through the Underdark Walkthrough : You can travel to Moonrise Towers through the Underdark. You can reach Underdark from Defiled Temple, Whispering Depth, or Zhentarim Basement.The quests in Underdark include： Avenge Glut's Circle Cure the Poisoned Gnome Defeat the Duergar Intruders Deliver Nere's Head Find the Missing Boots Find the Mushroom Picker Free True Soul Nere Blind the Absolute Find Explosives Save the Grymforge Gnomes The Adamantine Forge Get Past the Rubble .Avenge Glut's Circle.Cure the Poisoned Gnome.Defeat the Duergar Intruders.Deliver Nere's Head.Find the Missing Boots.Find the Mushroom Picker.Free True Soul Nere Blind the Absolute Find Explosives .Blind the Absolute.Find Explosives.Save the Grymforge Gnomes.The Adamantine Forge Get Past the Rubble .Get Past the Rubble  

 How to unlock Travel through the Underdark : Halsin  

Travel through the Underdark Rewards : Rewards  

Travel through the Underdark Notes & Tips : Notes & tips go here  