Shadowheart : Shadowheart is a Companion in Baldur's Gate 3 (BG3). BG3 Shadowheart can be rescued during the Nautiloid segment in Act 1, or found by the locked crypt door on the beach after crashing. Shadowheart is a Half-Elf and a Trickery Domain Cleric, which gives your party heals, buffs and interesting stealth and deception spells. Companions assist the player by joining their party and have their own backstories and unique characteristics. They all have their own Classes and starting equipment, but you can change their classes via Respec in camp. Companions can also be selected as an Origin in the Character Creation screen allowing players to play from their point of view.  A loyal cleric of Shar, Shadowheart is the sole survivor of a holy mission undertaken on the Mistress of the Night's behest. She alone must deliver a relic of immense power to her coven in Baldur's Gate, while threatened by a strange new magic that is burgeoning from within.   One of Shar's dark disciples, Shadowheart was sent on a suicide mission to steal an item of great power. While wrestling with her faith and strange, untamed magic, Shadowheart has enemies on all sides - and a long-buried secret to uncover. Shadowheart can be freed from a pod during the prologue (Patch 5 and later) while you are aboard the Nautiloid. The pod can be unlocked by finding and placing a particular rune in the console nearby. Certain classes may have the option to bypass the need for the rune. She will then offer to accompany you to the helm. Once you exit the Nautiloid, you will find her unconscious on the Ravaged Beach nearby. She will thank you for freeing her earlier, and offer to join your party. However, if you visit the camp, trigger a fight, or find a waypoint before waking her, she will move on to the Druid Grove. She can be found sitting on a stone next to the Strange Ox. If Shadowheart is not freed from her pod on the Nautiloid, then she can be found at the entrance of the Dank Crypt (Abandoned Ruins) at the northern end of the Ravaged Beach, where she will offer to join your party.         

Where to find Shadowheart in BG3 : Shadowheart can be freed from a pod during the prologue (Patch 5 and later) while you are aboard the Nautiloid. The pod can be unlocked by finding and placing a particular rune in the console nearby. Certain classes may have the option to bypass the need for the rune. She will then offer to accompany you to the helm. Once you exit the Nautiloid, you will find her unconscious on the Ravaged Beach nearby. She will thank you for freeing her earlier, and offer to join your party. However, if you visit the camp, trigger a fight, or find a waypoint before waking her, she will move on to the Druid Grove. She can be found sitting on a stone next to the Strange Ox. If Shadowheart is not freed from her pod on the Nautiloid, then she can be found at the entrance of the Dank Crypt (Abandoned Ruins) at the northern end of the Ravaged Beach, where she will offer to join your party.  

Shadowheart's BG3 Starting Equipment : Circlet.Chain Shirt.Leather Boots.Mace.Studded Shield.Shadowheart's Clothes (cosmetic).Tasteful Boots (cosmetic).Shadowheart's Underwear (cosmetic)  

Shadowheart's BG3 Starting Skill Proficiencies : History.Religion.Insight.Medicine

BG3 Shadowheart Video Guide :  

BG3 Shadowheart Quest Walkthrough : To complete Shadowheart's Questline, you must first meet her, either in the Nautiloid or the Ravaged Beach. If you do not recruit her on the Ravaged Beach (whether you freed her or not), she will be found in the Druid's Grove, where she will be sitting on a rock near the training area in the Hollow. She will offer again to join your party, but if Lae'zel is present, convincing her will require a successful Persuasion check. This will begin the quest: Daughter of Darkness.Note: After you've acquired the Speak with Dead spell, you can go return to the Ravaged Beach and talk to the dead fishermen to learn more about Shadowheart.   WARNING MASSIVE SPOILERS PAST THIS POINT. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED  

How to Romance Shadowheart in BG3 : In this Shadowheart Romance Guide, we explore the general path toward gaining Shadoweart's approval and what opportunities you have to share some moments with her. This will be updated as more is revealed throughout the game. Gaining Shadowheart's approval centers around respecting her privacy and boundaries, as she values secrets and rewards curiosity. Although she may not openly show it, she appreciates actions that benefit others and actions motivated by self-interest. Being a member of the Trickery Domain, she admires the use of wit and cunning to resolve situations and approves of the player engaging in such actions, rather than brute force. Additionally, her mastery over secrecy, stealth, and deceit leads her to favor players who exhibit similar skills. Any time the player passes skill checks in persuasion, deceit, religion, or insight, they will also impress Shadowheart and boost her approval of the player. Players should avoid engaging in unnecessary cruelty, as she strongly detests such actions. Being needlessly cruel is a surefire way to lower her approval, although she may be open to certain morally ambiguous actions if they can be justified. Additionally, following Lae'zels suggestions or prioritizing her opinions and suggestions over Shadowheart's will also lead to disapproval. In general, you'll have to embrace Shadowheart for who she is, regardless of how people fear her or shy away from her, and be patient about her opening up to you.  As with all the Companions, whenever you can talk to Shadowheart, always scour the dialogue options for any new options, again still following the general guidelines above, where she'll slowly open up to you about things that will help you deepen your bond with her further and further. These can be things like places that she likes to visit, and gifts that you could give her, like the night orchid which is her flower of choice and can be found in the Shadow-Cursed Lands. Anything you find out about might also appear in dialogue choices during intimate moments, which will allow you easier choices if you're afraid to mess up.  

BG3 Shadowheart Romance Guide Act I : Your relationship with Shadowheart can officially begin during Act I even before the Quest Save the Refugees, unlike how it was in Early Access. Keeping the general guidelines above in mind and eventually getting her approval up, players may approach her at the camp for a talk. At this point, your approval rating with her should be High so try to explore and do a lot of other things before tackling the Quest for more chances to get your approval up, if it's still lacking at this point. You're on the right track with Shadowheart, if you can choose the dialogue option where your character says, "I can't help but feel like you and I might have missed a chance to connect. Truly connect." when they talk to her. This can be hard to catch as the option is just lumped together along with other options that usually show up when you try to talk to Shadowheart at the camp. Choose the appropriate response after she pushes forward her idea for an intimate moment alone. Afterward, head to your bedroll and interact with it to see that you have a choice to go to bed alone or to find Shadowheart. By clicking on Shadowheart, players share a moment with her at the cliffside. You can be a bit more forward with your dialogue choices during your time alone with her, but still, keep the same guidelines in mind in order to secure the romance path. When she asks you about yourself, the Persuasion roll dialogue option will not ruin anything if you succeed it. When she tries to share about herself but says she can't, she'll appreciate it if you don't pry further. As previously mentioned, anything you've managed to make her open up about at this point will help with regard to dialogue choices. Eventually, you both will lie down on the rocks, and choosing the next two appropriate dialogue choices for a moment will lead to your first kiss and officially begin your relationship.  

BG3 Shadowheart Romance Guide Act II : Act II will eventually bring you to the Silent Library in the Gauntlet of Shar. As the Location's name suggests, a couple of events that take place during the corresponding Quests and objectives within will inevitably affect Shadowheart, as she is a loyal follower of Shar. At some point in the dungeon, you'll come across a Statue of Shar that you can have your Companions pray to. Doing so with Shadowheart will have her reaffirm her belief in Shar, declaring that she will give the entirety of her heart and soul to Shar from then on. It is yet unknown if this means that your romance with her will be put to a stop, but it's probably not advisable to risk it. Eventually, Balthazar, the main Enemy for this Quest and Location is trying to claim a sleeping entity called the Nightsong, who you'll get to reach after you get magically transported to a different realm in the depths of the Gauntlet of Shar. After successfully claiming victory against him in the ensuing battle, Shadowheart will find herself holding the Spear of Night. You will then have the choice of telling her to go ahead and kill the Nightsong, or to lower her weapon instead, which unfortunately will require a successful Charisma check with a DC of 20. As you can imagine, either choice will have large consequences for the world of the game, which may include effects on your relationship with Shadowheart. Killing the Nightsong results in Shadowheart truly embracing her role as a chosen of Shar and having no more time or energy to spare loving anything or anyone else. Successfully sparing the Nightsong will eventually allow you to convince Shadowheart to leave behind the Shar. To do this, simply go with the dialogue option that will continue your relationship whenever the choice presents itself. The transition will be hard on her, but your support through the difficult time will allow your romance to grow stronger. The Nightsong will also reveal herself to be a daughter of Selune and will have answers to the question of Shadowheart's lost past. While it is again not certain whether killing the Nightsong will put an end to your romance with Shadowheart, it is probably not advisable to risk it.  

BG3 Shadowheart Romance Guide Act III : As mentioned, following this route will have Shadowheart turn away from her devotion to the Shar. Following the important, irrevocable decision to spare Nightsong, She will instead be blessed by Selune, the moon goddess. This will cause her to be forsaken by the Shar, thus her eventual decision, helped by your convincing, to leave this loyalty behind. Nightsong herself will reveal herself to be Dame Aylin, daughter of the moon goddess. After progressing in Act III, and keeping your relationship with Shadowheart going, Aylin will eventually tell you what she knows of Shadowheart's past, including why she has an aversion to swimming. Some more time later, your romance will culminate with a scene that starts with receiving an invite for you to swim with her, as a symbol of her leaving her life as a chosen of the Shar behind. This will turn into the final intimate scene where you and your lover will enjoy each other's company as you skinny dip in the calm waters.  

BG3 Shadowheart Approval Guide : If you are looking to befriend or romance Shadowheart, you will have to get her approval up. Companions are not black and white in BG3, but they have some characteristics you can consider when forming your party and making game choices.

Shadowheart Inspiration Guide : All characters can gain Inspiration based on their Background when your party completes content in a specific way. Shadowheart is of Acolyte background, so her inspiration boosts are: Fate Must Wait (Resurrect anyone in your party) *can be achieved regardless of chapter A Kiss Without Mercy (Endure the ritual of Loviatar until Abdirak is pleased).Divinity Undone (Unlock and read the Book of Dead Gods).Her Gift of Silver (Recover Selûne's lost treasure through prayer) Tragic Love (Witness Jonas' funeral).Moonweaver's Prayer (Witness Isobel's Ritual to keep up the protection of Last Light)  

Shadowheart Endings Guide : 

SHADOWHEART SPARES THE NIGHTSONG AND BETRAYS HER LADY SHAR : Keep the Nightsong alive Kill Balthazar.Spare the Nightsong.Choose options that will persuade Shadowheart to let the Nightsong live

RESULTS AND CONSEQUENCES OF SAVING THE NIGHTSONG : If you remain supportive of Shadowheart and continue becoming her lover, there is a good chance that you will advance your romance with her. Make sure to check the Companion Approvals page to get her approvals. Aside from that, Saving the Nightsong will also result to an easier battle against Ketheric Thorm, but the fight will be taken beneath the Moonrise Towers, to the Mind Flayer Colony. This is where the second and final battle against Ketheric Thorm will take place.

SHADOWHEART KILLS THE NIGHTSONG AND BECOMES THE DARK JUSTICIAR : Kill Balthazar.Kill Nightsong Choose the following dialogue options indicated below to lead Shadowheart into following Lady Shar

RESULTS AND CONSEQUENCES OF KILLING THE NIGHTSONG : As Shadowheart embraces the will of Lady Shar and she becomes Shar's chosen, she will tell you that there will be no room for love now that she has become the Dark Justiciar. This will throw out any chances of romancing Shadowheart. Additionally, the following events will take place: The Selunite Cleric named Isobel will perish during the battle, and the Last Light Inn will get attacked.Jaheira will die in battle.Dammon will die, preventing the player from earning Infernal Iron that can be used in Karlach's romance and personal quest.Art Cullagh will also die, preventing you to recruit Halsin and the famed bear form romance.

Shadowheart Tips and Notes : This build centers on healing synergies and buffs for the party while rounding out Shadowheart's laughable intelligence. Use Click Heels to inflict Dash or Off Hand Attack (Melee) as a bonus action. Use Selune's Dream either out of combat or on fey in combat. Warped Headband of Intellect.The Oak Father's Embrace.Hellrider's Pride.Boots of Speed.Xyanyde and Loviatar's Scourge Alternatively, The Watcher's Guide or Vision of the Absolute (Branded probably) Neck: Amulet of Selune's Chosen or Broodmother's Revenge.Ring: Ring of Restorative Gravity, The Whispering Promise.Any Light Crossbow +1  