Rescue the Grand Duke : Rescue the Grand Duke is a Quest in Baldur's Gate 3. Rescue the Grand Duke can be acquired during Act 1. Completing  Rescue the Grand Duke will progress the story forward.   

Rescue the Grand Duke Objectives : We managed to get inside. We need to find the Grand Duke and fast.  The woman we rescued survived. Maybe she saw the Grand Duke?  We learned that the Grand Duke was captured by drow and taken westwards Grand Duke Ravengard was infected with an illithid tadpole, and taken to Baldur's Gate We finally found Grand Duke Ravengard - standing by Gortash's side as he was crowned Gortash the new Archduke. He disappeared after the ceremony Mizora asked us to meet her in camp. She has an important proposal to make regarding Wyll's father, Grand Duke Ravengard. Wyll severed his pact with Mizora, even after she hinted that she could help locate and rescue Grand Duke Ravengard. It would seem the duke is as good as dead, but perhaps we might still find and save him. Wyll made a pact with Mizora and the archdevil Zariel in exchange for information about Grand Duke Ravengard's whereabouts. He is being held prisoner at Gortash's secret command centre.  We reached Gortash's underwater command centre, also known as the Iron Throne. We need to find Grand Duke Ravengard. Grand Duke Ravengard is safe at last. We should speak to him at our camp.In exchange for an eternal pact with Wyll, Mizora resurrected Grand Duke Ravengard. We should speak with him.   

Rescue the Grand Duke Walkthrough : Help the flaming fists to open the gate (Strength 9, if you failed, you can attack the door).Alternately, climb the rocks outside the walls to the left of the gate, and jump up onto the roof. From there you can walk across and jump down into the tavern.Get inside the burning building, break down any broken doors blocking your way.Avoid the working door on the second floor. You'll be able to get at the chests inside from the doors ahead.There's a trapped man named Benryn inside the building. (quest Rescue the Trapped Man) He's behind the broken door nearest to the stairs.The other broken door on the second floor leads to the Counsellor, who you must speak to if you wish to advance the quest.From a goblin in their camp, you learn that the Grand Duke has been taken to Moonrise Towers.In Act 3, you can free Wyll's father whether or not you take Mizora's deals. .In order to save duke Ravengard, you need to reach Iron Throne from Flymm Cargo. (Quest Save the Gondians and Avenge the Drowned will lead you to this location.)(Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.).You need to carefully select your team and spells before you reach Iron Throne. Once you land on Iron Throne, you will have only 6 turns to extract as many prisoners as possible. Dimensional door, and Teleportation Circle spells are very helpful, as well as Potion of Speed.If you turned down Mizora, she will appear once you freed the duke. Defeat her summoning, and don't let the explosion kill the duke.Once you escaped Iron Throne, return to camp to talk to him.   This event is triggered as you approach Waukeem's Rest. There is a burning inn ahead.Enter the burning inn and see if there are any survivors. Help Gauntlet Yeva push the doors to get through the wreckage into the burning building. If you do this successfully, you can search the area for survivors. As you enter the burning inn, you should be able to encounter and save Counsellor Florrick. She's trapped beyond a broken door at Waukeen's rest, The Risen Road. You'll find Counsellor Florrick in one of the rooms upstairs. This will update the journal for: Rescue the Grand Duke.  

Should you break Wyll's Pact or save Wyll's Father?  : If you remain pacted, your next objective will be to Rescue Ravengard from Gortash's secret prison. .If you break the pact, your next objective is to Continue onward with Wyll. Counsellor Florrick or Cordula Eltan will later ambush the party, while accusing Wyll of killing the father so he could take the city. .Note: Before you make your choice, if the Duke does not need to be ressurected, it is possible to break the pact and later on find a way to save his father if you find him alive at the Iron Throne.  Your response here will determine his choice. What will happen to Wyll's powers if he breaks the pact?.Save your father, Wyll. The city will need him to help rebuild. .Do the right thing. Give your soul so that your father can live.Break the pact, Wyll. You deserve your freedom.Let your father die. When the city's free, you can take his place.   Make your choice then continue.    If Wyll severed his pact with Mizora: Wyll severed his pact with Mizora, even after she hinted that she could help locate and rescue Grand Duke Ravengard. It would seem the duke is as good as dead, but perhaps we might still find and save him.  Wyll made a pact with Mizora and the archdevil Zariel in exchange for information about Grand Duke Ravengard's whereabouts. He is being held prisoner at Gortash's secret command centre. In order to save Duke Ravengard, you need to reach Iron Throne from Flymm Cargo Lower City. (The Quests: Save the Gondians and Avenge the Drowned will lead you to this location.) You may need to progress through some main quests to gain access to the Lower City. This involves the quests: Investigate the Selunite Resistance and Solve the Open Hand Temple Murders, or Find the Suspicious Toys. Find your way into the Lower City then make your way to the Flymm Cargo. You may need to use Thieves' Tools to enter through the doors. This will begin a battle.  After you've cleared the area, head to the basement. The Hatch to Flymm Cargo is hidden beneath some crates, at X-163, Y-143. Alternatively, you can reach Flymm Cargo basement through City Sewers.  There will be a door ahead to the Detention Block which will lead you to the Submersible that will take you to the Iron Throne. As you approach the submersible, someone may confront you-  Redhammer the Deviser. Once you can respond, you can tell him that you need to get to the Iron Throne. Your interaction with him will update Save the Gondians. After you tell him where you are going, he will agree to take you in.  Note: You need to carefully select your team and spells before you reach the Iron Throne. Once you land on Iron Throne, you will have only 8 turns to extract as many prisoners as possible and Escape to the submersible to dock before the Throne collapses. Dimension Door and Teleportation Circle spells are very helpful, as well as the Potion of Speed. If you turned down Mizora, she may appear once you free Duke Ravengard. Defeat her summoning, and don't let the explosion kill the duke. Continue to the Iron Throne. A cutscene will begin and the journals will update. When you arrive, a battle will begin. You will start your journey in the middle of the map. To locate Duke Ravengard, head directly east. His location is circled on the Map below. Save the other prisoners to complete Save the Gondians.  We reached Gortash's underwater command centre, also known as the Iron Throne. We need to find Grand Duke Ravengard. You will need to reach the Grand Duke then make your way back within the amount of turns you are given. Once you reach him, the next interaction will go about with one of two ways,  Mizora will either show up to help you or you will need to defeat her summoning and make it back to the dock. We found Grand Duke Ravengard. We need to lead him to safety. Once you have escaped Iron Throne, talk to Duke Ravengard. He is overcome with a lot of emotions regarding his son when he sees him. Have a heart- your son is a hero. We saved lives here today, including your own.Grand Duke Ravengard, Glad to see you of your own mind. .You can work out your issues later. Go to our camp - the Absolute can't reach you there.    Grand Duke Ravengard is safe at last. We should speak to him at our camp.In exchange for an eternal pact with Wyll, Mizora resurrected Grand Duke Ravengard. We should speak with him. Speak to Duke Ravengard at the camp to fulfil this objective then follow The Blade of Frontiers to continue Wyll's questline.  

 How to unlock Rescue the Grand Duke : The Risen Road  

Rescue the Grand Duke Rewards : Quest optional Rewards: The Sparky Points.The Joltshooter.The Spellsparkler  

Rescue the Grand Duke Notes & Tips : If you do this in turn-based mode, keep in mind that speaking to Benryn or the Counsellor will shift the game back into real time.There are water barrels in the kitchen area to the right of the entrance, these can be extremely useful.Dipping your weapons in fire will make breaking down the doors significantly easier and will save you time.Outside Waukeen's rest, there's another hidden treasure.  