Drow : Drow  is a Race in Baldur's Gate 3. Drows can wield both melee and ranged weapons. While creating your Character in Baldur's Gate 3, you can choose between 11 different types of races. Each of them has their special characteristics. Driven to the Underdark, most drow have adopted a ruthless pragmatism. While the Lolth-sworn delight in the goddess' evil tenets, the Seldarine reject Her attempt to overthrow the leader of the elven pantheon.   

Drow Traits & Features in Baldur's Gate 3 : Base Racial Speed: You can move 9m per turn.Drow Weapon Training: You have Proficiency with the Rapier, Shortsword, and Hand Crossbow .Fey Ancestry: You have Advantage on Saving Throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to Sleep.Superior Darkvision: Can see in the dark up to 24m.Keen Senses: You have Proficiency with Perception.Drow Magic: Gain access to the following spells using Charisma as the Spellcasting Ability: At Level 1: Dancing Lights: Create wisps of light that illuminate a 9m radius. At Level 3: Faerie Fire: Encase multiple targets in colorful light. The targets turns visible, and attack rolls against the targets have advantage. Ignores allies with the Sculpt Spells feature. Once per Long Rest. At Level 5: Darkness: Create a cloud of magical darkness to Heavily Obscure and Blind creatures within. Creatures cannot make ranged attacks into or out of the darkness. Once per Long Rest. .At Level 1: Dancing Lights: Create wisps of light that illuminate a 9m radius.At Level 3: Faerie Fire: Encase multiple targets in colorful light. The targets turns visible, and attack rolls against the targets have advantage. Ignores allies with the Sculpt Spells feature. Once per Long Rest.At Level 5: Darkness: Create a cloud of magical darkness to Heavily Obscure and Blind creatures within. Creatures cannot make ranged attacks into or out of the darkness. Once per Long Rest.

Baldur's Gate 3 Drow Subraces : Lolth-Sworn (evil drow spider goddess) or Seldarine (non-evil surface elven pantheon) are not really separate subraces as much as roleplaying options, similarly to how Drows aren't really a separate race, but an elven subrace.

Drow Tips & Notes : Drows is likely the race with the most social interaction reactivity. Expect more frequent NPC reactions to your race. .During Early Access, the Drow race used to feature +2 Dexterity and +1 Charisma. This has been changed in the full launch of BG3 and the Ability Score points are now associated with the Class that players will choose.    