Githyanki : Githyanki  is a Race in Baldur's Gate 3. Githyankis have an option of choosing their skill proficiency. While creating your Character in Baldur's Gate 3, you can choose between 11 different types of Races. Each of them has their own special characteristics.   Githyanki are peerless warriors from the Astral Plane, known for their legendary silver blades and red dragon mounts. They seek the total destruction of mind flayers, whose ancient empire enslaved the githyanki for millennia.     Fun fact, githyanki warlocks as your mc can be skill monkeys by taking your first 2 levels in knowledge cleric. This still allows you 10 lock levels. Simply choose urchin background for stealth & sleight of hand.Then use astral knowledge and knowledge of the ages (LVL 2 cleric) for proficiency in all int/wis skills. Make your stats str10, dex14, con14, into/wis 10. Cha17.Take hag deal to get 18cha. Wear 17int crown from ogre. Once you get 18dex gloves respec the 14dex to 14wis instead. Now all your skills and bonuses are OP for your warlock MC. Or go bard loremaster and just grab those missing proficiency in speech str etc. either way your skill bonuses give enough bonus anyway. GLHF my fellow gith. 6 0 Best race feature for all build.Astral knowledge make it better.Best greatsword in the game is for this race.the Biggest con is they are not cute , so we don't play this lol. 13 5 The warrior race is the best choice for non-warrior class since warrior class (fighter , barbarian , paladin) already have armor and weapon proficiency in their class.big gap between lore and gameplay lol 16 1 Best race for Wizard/Warlock/Sorcerer due to the armor proficiency.Probably a poor choice for Barbarian since you cant use the abilities while raging.Also an excellent choice for Eldritch Knight, both for mechanics (jump to a high place to throw your bound weapon) and for lore reasons (Githyanki are the original Gish hybrid character). 3 2 Least played and ironically the strongest race, with half-orc, halfling, and dwarf-> free choosable proficiency in all of a stat? Vs human versatility getting one and doneMages can put it in str to make themselves harder to get pushed and abused in tacticianEasily metagame the second run through with always having the right proficiencies->free medium armor (free only need 14 dex on wizard and never need to cast mage armor)->free some of the best spells even if they're 1 per long rest->Mage hand (drop potion, have it toss healing potions/bombs you find as a free action now technically.)->Jump (great if cast pre-combat, I mean this is THE SPELL that has made the speed run of the game 8 minutes with a gale story run.)-> Misty step (pretty much a bonus action jump that can send you anywhere within line of sight that you couldn't jump to due to obstacles, doesn't trigger attacks of opportunity  also again the spell abused in the 8 minute speed run with gale.)Honestly if they had dark vision they'd completely replace dwarf, leaving half-orc and halfing being the other two best races, like halfling's lucky is busted as you will prob never critical miss ever. Also Orc's savage attack 3xcrit + free level 7 spell on you @ level 1 (death ward) makes them an amazing melee combatant. 21 0 Can a Githyanki Druid use their psionic jump while wildshaped? 10 0 If im a githyanki draconic sorcerer, will i be able to get two misty steps so i can use it twice per long rest? 10 1 Lots of people are sleeping on Githyanki, judging by Larian's stats. They have super cool and useful abilities, and lots of unique dialogue. 9 0 Perfect for a Tavern Brawler Eldritch Knight! 6 0 LaRian. Stats show this as least played. Tried them. Very strong. Almost busted. If you haven't played them much you are doing yourself a disservice 2 1 is a bit dissapointing that it seems they did not include the other subrace of gith, the githzerai 38 0 They should be called Grinchyanki. lol 0 0 Is there a reason why Proficiency in Light Armour and Medium Armour isn't listed under GITHYANKI TRAITS? Do they still have that or have they already been nerfed? 6 0 Will players get to have the main character be Githyanki or no? 6 3 Githyanki get the Jump spell at level 3. 16 1 

Githyanki Traits : Base Racial Speed: The distance you can move per turn is 9 m.Astral Knowledge.Martial Prodigy.Githyanki Psionics: Level 1: Githyanki Psionics: Mage Hand Once per Long Rest Level 3: Githyanki Psionics: Jump Once per Long Rest Level 5: Misty Step Once per Long Rest .Level 1: Githyanki Psionics: Mage Hand Once per Long Rest.Level 3: Githyanki Psionics: Jump Once per Long Rest.Level 5: Misty Step Once per Long Rest

Githyanki Tips & Notes : During Early Access, the Githyanki race used to feature +2 Strength and +1 Intelligence. This has been changed in the full launch of BG3 and the Ability Score points are now associated with the Class that players will choose.Githyanki statistics and racial traits make them effective Warlocks, Eldritch Knights or Wizards (see Circlet of Intelligence for the two latter which allows you to dump Intelligence), given the bonuses and proficiencies they get. Specifically, Wizards are capable of using medium armor, making Dexterity a less important ability score. They also make superb "party face" (main) characters given their Astral Knowledge feature.    