Tiefling : Tiefling  is a Race in Baldur's Gate 3. Tieflings have Darkvision and Hellish Resistance. While creating your Character in Baldur's Gate 3, you can choose between 11 different types of races. Each of them has their own special characteristics. Descended from devils of the Nine Hells, tieflings face constant suspicion in Faerun. Thankfully, their arcane abilities make them natural survivors.   

Tiefling Traits & Features in Baldur's Gate 3 : Base Racial Speed: Move up to 9m per turn.Darkvision:See in the dark up to 12m.Hellish Resistance: Resistance to Fire damage, take only half damage from it.  

BG3 Tiefling Subraces : Asmodeous Tiefling Level 1: Produce Flame cantrip. A flickering flame appears in your hand. Level 3: Hellish Rebuke spell as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. Level 5: Darkness spell once per Long Rest. .Level 1: Produce Flame cantrip. A flickering flame appears in your hand.Level 3: Hellish Rebuke spell as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. .Level 5: Darkness spell once per Long Rest. .Mephistopheles Tiefling Level 1: Mage Hand cantrip. Create a spectral hand that can manipulate and interact with objects. Level 3: Burning Hands as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. Level 5: Flame Blade spell once per Long Rest. .Level 1: Mage Hand cantrip. Create a spectral hand that can manipulate and interact with objects.Level 3: Burning Hands as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. .Level 5: Flame Blade spell once per Long Rest. .Zariel Tiefling Level 1: Thaumaturgy cantrip. Manifest a sign of supernatural power. Level 3: Searing Smite as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. Level 5: Branding Smite once per Long Rest. .Level 1: Thaumaturgy cantrip. Manifest a sign of supernatural power.Level 3: Searing Smite as a 2nd level spell once per Long Rest. .Level 5: Branding Smite once per Long Rest.   

Tiefling Tips & Notes : Charisma is your spellcasting ability for the various subrace spells.During Early Access, the Tiefling race used to feature +2 Charisma. This has been changed in the full launch of BG3 and the Ability Score points are now associated with the Class that players will choose.??  