Half-Elf : Half-Elf  is a Race in Baldur's Gate 3. Half-Elves feature Fey Ancestry and the ability to see in the dark. While creating your Character in Baldur's Gate 3, you can choose between 11 different types of Races. Each of them has their own special characteristics.    Curious, ambitious, and versatile, half-elves are welcome everywhere, but struggle without a community to call their own.   

Half-Elf Traits in Baldur's Gate 3 : Base Racial Speed: Move up to 9m per turn.Civil Militia: Proficiency with Spears, Pikes, Halberds, and Glaives, Light Armour and Shield.Fey Ancestry: Advantage on Saving Throws against being Charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep.Darkvision: See in the dark up to 12 m.

BG3 Half-Elf Subraces : High Half-Elf Know one Cantrip of your choice from the wizard spell list using Intelligence as its spellcasting ability. . Know one Cantrip of your choice from the wizard spell list using Intelligence as its spellcasting ability.Wood Half-Elf Fleet of Foot: Move up to 10.5m per turn. Mask of the Wild: Proficiency in Stealth. .Fleet of Foot: Move up to 10.5m per turn.Mask of the Wild: Proficiency in Stealth.Drow Half-Elf Drow Magic: Level 1.Dancing Lights: Create wisps of light that illuminate a 9m radius. Level 3.Faerie Fire: Encase multiple targets in colorful light gaining Advantage against them. Level 5.Darkness: Create a cloud of magical darkness to heavily obscure and Blind creatures within. .Drow Magic: Level 1.Dancing Lights: Create wisps of light that illuminate a 9m radius. Level 3.Faerie Fire: Encase multiple targets in colorful light gaining Advantage against them. Level 5.Darkness: Create a cloud of magical darkness to heavily obscure and Blind creatures within. .Level 1.Dancing Lights: Create wisps of light that illuminate a 9m radius.Level 3.Faerie Fire: Encase multiple targets in colorful light gaining Advantage against them.Level 5.Darkness: Create a cloud of magical darkness to heavily obscure and Blind creatures within.

Half-Elf Tips & Notes : During Early Access, the Half-Elf race used to feature +2 Charisma. This has been changed in the full launch of BG3 and the Ability Score points are now associated with the Class that players will choose.??  